{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red75\green75\blue75;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c36471\c36471\c36471;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
00:00\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 Yesterday, I was\'97so, I mean, it was good. It's just I usually do sports on Sunday. So yesterday, and my wife, since she's mixed, you never know when the German part kicks in.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
00:26\

\fs28 \cf0 We ended up on the final match.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
00:34\

\fs28 \cf0 No, I was like, fuck it, because I do this box fitness thing. I don't know if you saw them with Wellhub or with Uber Sports. Even though it's cheap as shit, I'm using the account of my sister.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
00:48\

\fs28 \cf0 You got to do what you got to do, girl.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
00:48\

\fs28 \cf0 You got to save some money, though.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
00:50\

\fs28 \cf0 Actually, Sundays is just to plan to get some me time, no wahala, just easygoing.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:04\

\fs28 \cf0 But yeah, with that being said, we ended up\'97my brother came over.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:12\

\fs28 \cf0 Mother-in-law, so Stella's mom, came over. Well, she took Joelle to swimming, so it was nice, but it was just stressful. I would have enjoyed it more if I could have had a little bit more peace time. But anyways, that's why I was saying the German part kicks in and it's like, let's go to the Weihnachtsmarkt. I'm like, shut up.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:33\

\fs28 \cf0 Why?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:35\

\fs28 \cf0 Why? It's Sunday, it's raining, it's cold, there's no Black people out there. How many reasons?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:42\

\fs28 \cf0 You know, you run from stand to stand. You have to shout no like 15 times. You bring the kids to a place\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:50\

\fs28 \cf0 No, you can't eat it, and I'm like, why this torture? What the fuck?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:57\

\fs28 \cf0 What's the point? Of course they want to have this nonsense with Nutella and then stop there, eat some candy, and it's like\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
02:09\

\fs28 \cf0 But how was your weekend? Or were you the guy also at the Weihnachtsmarkt?
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
02:15\

\fs28 \cf0 I didn't go. You know what, actually, it's funny, my wife was like, hey, Weihnachtsmarkt this weekend, it starts. Because I love the Weihnachtsmarkt. I love it. I'm like the non-German, I love that shit. I go every weekend till it's done. I love it.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
02:30\

\fs28 \cf0 Bigger the better, you know, go to the castles. I'm like, yeah, it's great.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
02:39\

\fs28 \cf0 But no, we didn't do that, man. We had some arguments. We were arguing all weekend.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
02:44\

\fs28 \cf0 Oh, okay.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
02:45\

\fs28 \cf0 Some other bullshit.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
02:46\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay. Oh, what is arguing? I never ever\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
02:53\

\fs28 \cf0 Let me Google arguing.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
02:55\

\fs28 \cf0 That's ChatGPT, huh?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
02:57\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, let me ask ChatGPT what's happening. I don't know what my boy is talking about right now.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
03:05\

\fs28 \cf0 It says like disagree and something like\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
03:10\

\fs28 \cf0 Oh, man.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
03:10\

\fs28 \cf0 You disagree and step that beach.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
03:13\

\fs28 \cf0 Dude, you know what? Let's save this for another conversation.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
03:20\

\fs28 \cf0 But I really believe that in some ways our parents, our dads particularly, had a much more simple life.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
03:30\

\fs28 \cf0 Because it was just like, I'm going to do that.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
03:33\

\fs28 \cf0 We'll stop.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
03:34\

\fs28 \cf0 You will do that, and when we started saying, yeah, I'll take him swimming, yeah, I'll do this, yeah, I'll do that, oh yeah, for sure, and I'm going to work too, right? When we started to do that, everything got so blurred. Now it just becomes, well, I thought I was going to have some me time.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
03:59\

\fs28 \cf0 You had it yesterday.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
04:01\

\fs28 \cf0 And the day before.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
04:02\

\fs28 \cf0 Had it the day before. You understand?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
04:06\

\fs28 \cf0 How many yous are you? How many me's are you?
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
04:11\

\fs28 \cf0 Bro.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
04:15\

\fs28 \cf0 So literally I'm talking to this guy. I don't know if you know this platform and then we jump straight into it.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
04:21\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
04:23\

\fs28 \cf0 So it's BetterHelp. It's a platform for therapy, actually.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
04:38\

\fs28 \cf0 And the sad thing is you don't have\'97in the States, probably, of course\'97but in Germany, you don't have any Black therapists.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
04:47\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, it's fucked up.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
04:49\

\fs28 \cf0 I ended up talking to this guy, he's in the UK, but it was really crucial for me for him to be Black. I was like, so you can really\'97so I was like, hey, my therapist should be at least, I don't know, I checked the box, at least 45, have lived some shit. No life coach, no 25-year-old life coach.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
05:12\

\fs28 \cf0 Well, I studied, though. I took the course. They're like, yeah, bro, next.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
05:16\

\fs28 \cf0 Oh, yeah.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
05:21\

\fs28 \cf0 Getting to the point that he's Black, so a lot of shit I didn't need to explain. A lot of shit you need to explain to Max and Moritz, but you know.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
05:31\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
05:32\

\fs28 \cf0 And he said, really, literally\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
05:38\

\fs28 \cf0 We're going through shit. I was like, hey, marriage\'97dude, I even asked ChatGPT how much it's going to cost if I throw in the towel. The number he came up with, I'm like, okay, I'm going to stay in that shit.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
05:45\

\fs28 \cf0 I don't know.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
05:48\

\fs28 \cf0 Ain't no coochie worth 450 grand. Not even Beyonc\'e9's coochie. I'm just going to bite my tongue and shut up.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
05:57\

\fs28 \cf0 You got to have judges for a camera.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
06:00\

\fs28 \cf0 Dude, you're laughing. I am. I can show you my history.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
06:04\

\fs28 \cf0 Don't let her see your history, bro. You need that shit online, bro.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
06:07\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, oh, it was for a client. He was like, you do some\'97I have to\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
06:14\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, there was a lender that I had to. It was for a lender.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
06:18\

\fs28 \cf0 He mentioned, he really said what you just said.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
06:23\

\fs28 \cf0 He was like, hey, there are certain roles and you need to really play and stay in your role. As soon as you start to kind of\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
06:36\

\fs28 \cf0 I'm going to compensate. It's nice to, you know, how about, hey, honey, you're not feeling good. Okay, I'll take care of the kids. I'll do breakfast. I'll do yada yada. But as soon as it starts, like you said, oh, I'm going to take him to swimming and then I'm going to work and then I'm going to pay the bills and then blah, blah, blah.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
06:52\

\fs28 \cf0 It's not healthy though. It's really not healthy. He's like, hey, it's not stereotyping, but you have to really understand. For God's sake, fucking nature.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
07:03\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, it's true, man. It's true. People don't want to. Again, it's like\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
07:09\

\fs28 \cf0 People don't, they want to.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
07:13\

\fs28 \cf0 They want to live this idealism, which is like\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
07:18\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, we over here and I'm like no.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
07:22\

\fs28 \cf0 There's a penis and there's a vagina.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
07:25\

\fs28 \cf0 And a penis has to go in the vagina to make something. I'm not against you. You could be lesbian, you could be trans, you could be whatever you want. You can be whatever you want, but there's no third genital.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
07:40\

\fs28 \cf0 It's a penis and it needs sperm and an egg and it makes a baby, that's it.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
07:49\

\fs28 \cf0 That's it.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
07:51\

\fs28 \cf0 That's it, like the body needs water, it doesn't need Coca-Cola, that's it.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
07:56\

\fs28 \cf0 And it's been that yesterday, the day before, 300 years.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
08:00\

\fs28 \cf0 Last thing I say on this, even with parent coaching, I'm like look,
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
08:07\

\fs28 \cf0 It's nice to be modern and I totally get it. But don't, we have a term in English, you say don't throw the baby out with the bathwater. It means you can't just look back at what your parents did or what everyone did before and think this is all messed up. There's some great things that they did.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
08:25\

\fs28 \cf0 There was some great stuff that they did and we need to carry those things forward and then build upon that. The moment you start throwing everything out and you're like, I'm just being\'97good luck. Because kids still need some of the same things. You know what they need? A parent. They don't need a friend. They need a parent, someone that's going to be like\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
08:45\

\fs28 \cf0 So you don't get, you need to have the eye contact and say like, hey, act like 100 questions before breakfast.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
08:51\

\fs28 \cf0 Yo.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
08:56\

\fs28 \cf0 Bro, let's jump into it. Otherwise,
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
08:59\

\fs28 \cf0 We gone forever.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
09:00\

\fs28 \cf0 Great cut and then we jump into it. This is the coffee talk.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
09:02\

\fs28 \cf0 You make a step by step.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
09:05\

\fs28 \cf0 So in order for me to provide some good value for this call, what I really want to do is I kind of want to
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
09:13\

\fs28 \cf0 get a rundown of
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
09:17\

\fs28 \cf0 your day.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
09:18\

\fs28 \cf0 Know how your day would go, and there's a\'97I mean, we could look at it in two ways because I know, for example, you're dealing with the developers, you're getting
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
09:28\

\fs28 \cf0 proposals, you're trying to figure out their finances, and then you're finding lenders and you're trying to put this stuff all together. That may not happen in a day. It might happen over the course of a week. So it'd be good for me to understand what an average day looks like and then what a whole proposal\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
09:37\

\fs28 \cf0 I mean,
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
09:46\

\fs28 \cf0 like the whole process looks like, so to speak. So we could start with a day and just go through what are those things, and then I'm just going to ask\'97I got a ton of questions.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
09:49\

\fs28 \cf0 Hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
09:56\

\fs28 \cf0 We may not get through all of them, but I would just love to really get\'97if there's two things to take away from this\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
09:58\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
10:04\

\fs28 \cf0 If you had an assistant\'97do you have an assistant, by the way? I wanted to ask you. If you had an assistant, what tasks would you give them? Or you're just like, I don't want to deal with this.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
10:06\

\fs28 \cf0 No.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
10:13\

\fs28 \cf0 You handle that? And two would be, what are the things that take you the most amount of time?
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
10:21\

\fs28 \cf0 Like, what are the tasks that you're just like, you know what I mean? And think about it also as things that you don't like to do. If I could never do this again, I would totally just hand that off. So that's the mind frame I'd love to get you in. And then just jumping into a bit of a day, like you come in, you turn on your computer and then you're dealing with\'97dealing with what and how's it go?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
10:44\

\fs28 \cf0 It sounds so simple and I'm like, wow, now that I really\'97because I've been running on autopilot for years, but
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
10:57\

\fs28 \cf0 Anyway, so with this motion, it's like really the first thing I always used to do since I just kind of discovered it was like, hey, check out motion, maybe it will help to fill this kind of gap for assistance.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
11:12\

\fs28 \cf0 So motion is really like a red line through my day, actually.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
11:18\

\fs28 \cf0 In a sense, I can really pass things like, okay, with the priority\'97ASAP, high level, medium, low\'97like, you know, like, hey,
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
11:29\

\fs28 \cf0 Google, whatever. Do some research on Perplexity, for example, then I'll put it on low. So motion really gives me a structure to not just lose the\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
11:41\

\fs28 \cf0 It's only like, okay, what is really next? What can we really push? So these are things that I really\'97I don't want to say
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
11:49\

\fs28 \cf0 hate, but it's things I would really give to an assistant or actually why this AI thing is doing it as an assistant. Some kind of, hey, Mr. Usu, this is the high task today. This is non-negotiable. You have to get this done
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
12:06\

\fs28 \cf0 by the end of the day.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
12:11\

\fs28 \cf0 So it's setting your tasks\'97basically you use motion to set your tasks and
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
12:15\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
12:17\

\fs28 \cf0 Then who sets them? You type this into motion? You say here are my tasks for today and then you have to say this is high, this is low?
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
12:26\

\fs28 \cf0 Now you manually put those things in.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
12:28\

\fs28 \cf0 Exactly.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
12:29\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
12:29\

\fs28 \cf0 What I do, for example, is let me just share it. Just a second.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
12:40\

\fs28 \cf0 It makes sense with this end.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
12:46\

\fs28 \cf0 Where's the calendar, by the way?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
12:50\

\fs28 \cf0 Power here.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
12:55\

\fs28 \cf0 So,
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
12:58\

\fs28 \cf0 Like,
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
13:00\

\fs28 \cf0 This is nonsense, right? I put a to-do list.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
13:03\

\fs28 \cf0 Right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
13:05\

\fs28 \cf0 With different things that I have to do, you see.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
13:07\

\fs28 \cf0 Talking entertainment for the Kita has nothing to do with my business but I had to get it done.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
13:13\

\fs28 \cf0 So these are just a couple of things like today definitely needs to be solved. And I'm like, okay, how, you know, it's going to take like two hours. So it's like ASAP, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
13:22\

\fs28 \cf0 So after our meeting this is what I'm going to tackle. But then life jumps in and then anyway.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
13:30\

\fs28 \cf0 But sorry, when you say tackle, you mean you have that to-do list, you put that in there, type through your phone or whatever throughout the weekend or whatever like this and then you're going to spend the next two hours putting these things\'97checking them off.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
13:45\

\fs28 \cf0 Call SPAC or do the search for CPAC, prepare for Menrad, you're going to do those things.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
13:45\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
13:55\

\fs28 \cf0 And these then go into\'97because this is motion, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
13:55\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, definitely.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
14:02\

\fs28 \cf0 This is motion, but this is just a checklist. It's just a workaround because I'm at the playground and something pops in my head and I just put it in here.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
14:09\

\fs28 \cf0 You put it directly into motion, everything you put into motion as a check.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
14:13\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, everything I put into motion actually I can do, like I can split like this.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
14:22\

\fs28 \cf0 to-dos in several to-dos and then it would be the right way to do actually, like hey, Menrad aufbereiten is like okay, high level and so on. So right now in December, I'm really more with admin stuff. This is all kind of bullshit. It just needs to be sorted in my head, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
14:40\

\fs28 \cf0 So step one, how many of us check what's on today, actually like today after, and I know that I'm not going to tackle all of them. Then I have to do a proposal, a true proposal today for the bank.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
14:54\

\fs28 \cf0 And I don't really, because I was even thinking over the weekend, I don't really have\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
15:02\

\fs28 \cf0 And I don't know if it's with your clients, I don't really have like a
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
15:07\

\fs28 \cf0 standard thing, right? It's like I've been
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
15:12\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah. It's not about that. Doing what you do, it would never be like this is what I do every single day.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
15:12\

\fs28 \cf0 I've been moved.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
15:22\

\fs28 \cf0 Because, for example,
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
15:24\

\fs28 \cf0 The more interesting part is, okay, you have this to-do list, so how is this to-do list getting in and how is it getting out? That's the main question. So then you have a proposal you have to do.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
15:31\

\fs28 \cf0 I come in, I see it, I have a bunch of tasks, maybe over the weekend or last night I put it into motion, then I have to organize these tasks and rate, put them into levels, right? And then they're like, okay, now I know I have a proposal. I have to prepare for the proposal.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
15:58\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
16:00\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
16:04\

\fs28 \cf0 And he.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
16:05\

\fs28 \cf0 So how do you prepare for the proposal, for example?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
16:09\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay. This is a really good one. Then I have the solution right here because this is also something that
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
16:16\

\fs28 \cf0 they've gone through.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
16:21\

\fs28 \cf0 Wait a minute.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
16:29\

\fs28 \cf0 So
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
16:34\

\fs28 \cf0 Let me get it a little bit bigger for you.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
16:38\

\fs28 \cf0 So.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
16:41\

\fs28 \cf0 This
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
16:43\

\fs28 \cf0 I will serve my mom.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
16:45\

\fs28 \cf0 for somebody to take this off.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
16:49\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay, so here we are. So what am I looking at?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
16:54\

\fs28 \cf0 This is just\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
16:57\

\fs28 \cf0 Epstein kind of mess, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
17:02\

\fs28 \cf0 What you're looking at is, literally, this took me like
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
17:07\

\fs28 \cf0 a week blocking off everything to just get this thing straight. So what you're looking at is
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
17:13\

\fs28 \cf0 What kind of stages do I really go through
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
17:17\

\fs28 \cf0 with a proposal?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
17:20\

\fs28 \cf0 And yeah, I mean, since you speak German as well.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
17:23\

\fs28 \cf0 Anfrage eingegangen.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
17:26\

\fs28 \cf0 There are certain steps, oh, let me, let me wait, I think I have\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
17:32\

\fs28 \cf0 I might have even been
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
17:35\

\fs28 \cf0 Better one, wait a second.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
17:39\

\fs28 \cf0 new projects as well as products of innovation and safety.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
17:54\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, this one is better.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
17:59\

\fs28 \cf0 So, anfrage eingegangen or let's say project onboarding is typical, wherever it comes from\'97referral, email, cold calling, whatever. So the first thing is
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
18:16\

\fs28 \cf0 I get it in PipeDrive as a lead. This is what I mean, in PipeDrive I've passed
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
18:22\

\fs28 \cf0 It somehow comes in. It could be automated.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
18:23\

\fs28 \cf0 No, no, I put it in PipeDrive. So it's like you calling me, like, hey, I occasionally met this project developer. Okay. You mentioned you put it into practice.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
18:39\

\fs28 \cf0 He needs some help, just call him, just give him a call.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
18:42\

\fs28 \cf0 Then I will put it in PipeDrive as a lead.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
18:48\

\fs28 \cf0 And with this lead\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
18:50\

\fs28 \cf0 Oh Jesus, this is crazy, this is really crazy and this is good as well.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
19:02\

\fs28 \cf0 So.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
19:05\

\fs28 \cf0 These are the checkmarks I have to make in this lead. So, auf Vollst\'e4ndigkeit pr\'fcfen, I have a checklist.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
19:14\

\fs28 \cf0 And this is why I say I hate it. Oh, no, I can't even. Sure, I have to. I don't want to share everything because of\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
19:20\

\fs28 \cf0 All good.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
19:22\

\fs28 \cf0 It will just take to myself. I have a checklist I'm going through. Okay, do I have A, B, C, Z, before we even go into, like, I have to follow up with German like Bonit\'e4tspr\'fcfung, and then as you see, project by ChechiPT and Elysian.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
19:41\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
19:42\

\fs28 \cf0 So these are like the main four points. If I put it in PipeDrive as a lead, I do all these points manually. So, do I have a teaser? Do I have a company profile? What's the calculations, whatever? This will be the first check.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
20:02\

\fs28 \cf0 The second one is, does this guy have the equity that we need? What is the structure? So, do I have his numbers?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
20:12\

\fs28 \cf0 PNL, BVR, all this kind of stuff.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
20:15\

\fs28 \cf0 And then I manually put it into Fetch EBT with my agent mode, what I have there.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
20:22\

\fs28 \cf0 You take the documents and you add them in.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
20:28\

\fs28 \cf0 Add them into ChatGPT.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
20:31\

\fs28 \cf0 So then the\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
20:32\

\fs28 \cf0 So you go into your email, for example, you download the documents because they've sent them to you, you have them in a folder.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
20:40\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
20:40\

\fs28 \cf0 For that developer, for example. And then you take all of those, you go into ChatGPT, open it up.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
20:44\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
20:49\

\fs28 \cf0 And then say, okay, add attachment or drag and drop, you take them all and you put them in there.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
20:56\

\fs28 \cf0 And then you have to put in a prompt.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
20:58\

\fs28 \cf0 And then I have the agent, it won't already know what\'97so it's not a high level, actually it goes really
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
21:08\

\fs28 \cf0 deep as it can go with ChatGPT, but then as soon as I put it in there I don't need to really prompt it, it's already prompted in a way that it does the analytics. So it's just like uploading the files.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
21:18\

\fs28 \cf0 Just send or however, where I would actually put the product, just go and send, and then it does the SWOT analysis and everything.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
21:31\

\fs28 \cf0 Tells me what it's seeing, what's going on, and so on. This is then, so with ChatGPT with analysis, I spend like
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
21:43\

\fs28 \cf0 roughly like
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
21:46\

\fs28 \cf0 30 minutes, 45 minutes
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
21:48\

\fs28 \cf0 with the analysis.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
21:50\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
21:51\

\fs28 \cf0 That whole process we just talked about.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
21:56\

\fs28 \cf0 Just ChatGPT.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
21:58\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay, so the checklist is before.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
22:01\

\fs28 \cf0 So checking or seeing, okay, do I have, and even this came up, can't I just have a data room and then this is just in my head, right? When I said your job is bullshit with Iron Man, like there should be a process that I have to document, and kind of a data room and then it just matches, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
22:27\

\fs28 \cf0 It sees like, hey, this is a P&L, this is the teaser, and then accordingly to that, I'm just thinking out loud, right?
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
22:35\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
22:36\

\fs28 \cf0 And then it will show you like, oh, yeah, this and this are missing.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
22:43\

\fs28 \cf0 Hit him up to send you the documents.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
22:54\

\fs28 \cf0 Maybe like a Grundbuchauszug or I didn't see Flurkarte or maybe I didn't see Kataster. I have a checklist and then I can go through it and I was like, okay, this kind of stuff and then, okay, so these are the missing documents.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
23:05\

\fs28 \cf0 Automatically drafted the email, hey, Mr. Clark. Thank you for submitting the files. We didn't see these documents. Can you please send us what we need to do a proper analysis.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
23:19\

\fs28 \cf0 So you're talking about, let me understand it just to rephrase. So it'd be something that basically knows your checklist.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
23:26\

\fs28 \cf0 And then your lenders or not your lender but your developers or any kind of real estate company that's asking for money.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
23:36\

\fs28 \cf0 They submit the documents that they have and the information and they will be able to say this is what I need, this is what you've given me, this is what's missing.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
23:47\

\fs28 \cf0 And then from that, it will send an automatic message saying, hey, look, I still need these documents. Please send that over by this time. Thank you very much. And then they could send it over. And you would think that's why you're saying the data room.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
23:58\

\fs28 \cf0 This will be.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
24:01\

\fs28 \cf0 That's for your day to day.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
24:06\

\fs28 \cf0 It might be easier for them just uploading stuff in the data room. I even have one company who, yeah, that's what I mean with the data. I'm constantly...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
24:17\

\fs28 \cf0 Gave me kind of a data room because the next thing with the data, and this is a topic for next time, because most data rooms don't really work with the banks because of the firewalls and the GDPR.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
24:28\

\fs28 \cf0 We use WeTransfer, Dropbox, Drive, all that kind of stuff. Sometimes it doesn't really work, so this guy has an open data room which really works with all banks, so I was like, why can't I just connect this data room?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
24:41\

\fs28 \cf0 Or give them access so they can upload their documents. At the same time, it will be checking in, like seeing.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
24:48\

\fs28 \cf0 Is this just between you and the lenders and the developers so far or is this between you, the bank, and the developers?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
24:56\

\fs28 \cf0 No, no, no. Now we are just, we haven't got to the bank. The bank, no. Now, yeah, me and the lender so far in the process.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
24:59\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay, so this is you.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
25:04\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay, so
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
25:06\

\fs28 \cf0 That's interesting. So essentially what you're trying, how much time would that save you if you would be able to do that?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
25:14\

\fs28 \cf0 Dude, this is like...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
25:26\

\fs28 \cf0 I'm talking about at least
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
25:29\

\fs28 \cf0 five to 10 hours.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
25:32\

\fs28 \cf0 Five to ten hours per deal.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
25:35\

\fs28 \cf0 Per deal, just in this stage though.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
25:36\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
25:40\

\fs28 \cf0 Five to 10 hours per deal, I'd say.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
25:50\

\fs28 \cf0 They provide more documents and then more questions get triggered because, oh, why is it like this? Because going back and forth with these documents is always a pain in the ass.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
25:58\

\fs28 \cf0 I know in your business that you have a lot of warm touches, like face to face contact, people are dealing with high amounts of money, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
25:59\

\fs28 \cf0 Let's put it
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
26:08\

\fs28 \cf0 I get that but this process here is very transactional, it's just documents, you don't need to be talking to somebody.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
26:17\

\fs28 \cf0 Definitely not. And what I meant with this 30 and 45 minutes is just ChatGPT.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
26:18\

\fs28 \cf0 Just to make sure I just want to make
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
26:26\

\fs28 \cf0 This analysis with GPT. Just the documents, I don't know, I haven't ever put the stopwatch on it to see how much does it take for me to do. So what actually happens, what I mean is, I'm doing the analysis with ChatGPT and then the next thing is the Q&A comes up, right? Because after the analysis, after me seeing it or doing the sparring with this AI, then I will see, okay, I'm missing this and this in the P&L. This kind of number looks funny. Why?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
27:04\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah. And then it really goes on. Sometimes it's like 10 questions that he needs to be able to answer and we can proceed the process or actually with the first analysis I would just see, okay, this is a dead deal, I don't even need to waste time and this process
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
27:22\

\fs28 \cf0 So Anfrage im PipeDrive erfassen.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
27:25\

\fs28 \cf0 This is really crucial.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
27:27\

\fs28 \cf0 What I mean about it is
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
27:30\

\fs28 \cf0 By the end of the day, it gives me speed to not waste time.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
27:34\

\fs28 \cf0 So I'm really trying to be in detail as far as I can go in this first step. Otherwise, you just waste time, days, weeks.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
27:44\

\fs28 \cf0 And then discover this is not going anywhere.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
27:47\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay, I see what you mean.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
27:49\

\fs28 \cf0 So I really spend
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
27:52\

\fs28 \cf0 time on the initial
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
27:54\

\fs28 \cf0 step to see
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
27:57\

\fs28 \cf0 Does this even make sense to take on this deal, to take on this client? Because by the end of the day, it's working on a success base. Some guys will pay a retainer, but it's not really normal.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
28:08\

\fs28 \cf0 And for me, going in and spending time just checking documents, just checking files.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
28:15\

\fs28 \cf0 From one deal to the other and then discovering it's not going anywhere.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
28:20\

\fs28 \cf0 I mean, I can build a business on that, right?
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
28:21\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
28:25\

\fs28 \cf0 So this is your qualification. You need to qualify very deeply and very quickly.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
28:33\

\fs28 \cf0 Definitely. And I would like to. So instead of spending like
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
28:39\

\fs28 \cf0 Right now, like really with ChatGPT, before ChatGPT
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
28:45\

\fs28 \cf0 It would take a week.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
28:47\

\fs28 \cf0 For one deal.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
28:49\

\fs28 \cf0 For the qualification.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
28:50\

\fs28 \cf0 Wow.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
28:52\

\fs28 \cf0 No, because you have to, I mean, I'm speaking of documents, right? And this call would, of course, for you, I'm trying to squeeze everything in.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
28:59\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
29:00\

\fs28 \cf0 Because if I have a document, it's not just having the document. What's in the document?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
29:08\

\fs28 \cf0 And then also I have to understand what he has provided, and then it's like.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
29:15\

\fs28 \cf0 With the BV app, for example, every time it's like, okay, why is this SPV not going well? Why do you have a minus over there? If I lose, I know you're trying to get money from the bank, and then what you're showing me is actually you're not earning money right now.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
29:33\

\fs28 \cf0 How do we do another storytelling? You have to explain to me why.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
29:38\

\fs28 \cf0 Because we need equity, and if you're saying, for example, you don't have any equity, why are you talking to me in the first place? Maybe we'll find a different way around.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
29:46\

\fs28 \cf0 Under the equity, or at least show the equity to the banks to get them interested and to get them at the table. It would take literally a week to really be detailed and see what does it make.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
30:00\

\fs28 \cf0 With the AI, it's crazy. AI is killing finance right now as I told you. So right now, it's still like five hours, though it's a huge save of time. But in the manual process, it's still too much.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
30:28\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, between these four things, the Vollst\'e4ndigkeit, Pr\'fcfen, analog checklist, and then the erste Bonit\'e4tspr\'fcfung, and then going to check GPT and then the R\'fcckfragen catalogue, all of that is still inefficient, you're saying.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
30:37\

\fs28 \cf0 No, it's not.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
30:38\

\fs28 \cf0 I can't be doing something else.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
30:41\

\fs28 \cf0 It's still like, and then it comes with the business as usual.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
30:49\

\fs28 \cf0 Sometimes I use Perplexity for better research. This is then from deal by deal. By the end of the day, if I could get this down really automated...
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
31:06\

\fs28 \cf0 Interesting. Okay, so this is the Antraga, and this is just one part of your process.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
31:16\

\fs28 \cf0 Dude, look after that, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
31:20\

\fs28 \cf0 After that, I'm just going to click everything for you to have an overview. I don't know if they can...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
31:27\

\fs28 \cf0 If I can somehow download this or maybe just do a screenshot, but anyways, after that...
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
31:31\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, I think you should maybe get me a screenshot because I was thinking this too. I don't think you can, you probably can't export it.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
31:40\

\fs28 \cf0 No, and then after that, I'm going to click everything else.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
31:45\

\fs28 \cf0 What I mean, I would jump to German, what I mean with spezifische Projektanforderung is...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
31:53\

\fs28 \cf0 One, you have a client with the office development. The next guy is real estate. The other one is mixed use. So you can't just go and throw out...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
32:03\

\fs28 \cf0 10 questions that you always ask, right?
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
32:06\

\fs28 \cf0 You can or you can't.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
32:09\

\fs28 \cf0 You can't.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
32:10\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, because it's always different.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
32:12\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, it's always different. And then what I mean, finanzielle Rahmenbedingungen is, does this guy...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
32:20\

\fs28 \cf0 Has equity, is he even able to pay my commission, all this kind of stuff.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
32:28\

\fs28 \cf0 Recruiting's model plan, so this is where I get my contract.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
32:33\

\fs28 \cf0 So after clearing everything and I'm like, OK, I think we have a proper chance to close this deal or get to finance this.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
32:41\

\fs28 \cf0 Then I come in with, this is my contract. This is what you have to pay me or pay us if I'm working with a different broker together as a joint venture, in case we have success.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
32:52\

\fs28 \cf0 So this is like playtime for them clear. After that, how it works is I have a one hour meeting with the client...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
33:03\

\fs28 \cf0 Where we go through all this kind of stuff I just mentioned.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
33:07\

\fs28 \cf0 And then in this meeting, I'll give you a screenshot, otherwise it makes no sense. I don't think it makes sense to get this point by point. Then we'll collect the hard facts.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
33:23\

\fs28 \cf0 When do we need a drawdown, then what I mentioned here with the data room, a dead book, what I mean is a proposal. So with all the information that I get from him, then we go in and do a proposal.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
33:34\

\fs28 \cf0 vielleicht einen Finanzierungsantrag.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
33:37\

\fs28 \cf0 And then time for DD, the timeline for the due diligence is...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
33:42\

\fs28 \cf0 Then for us, what we have done so far is just...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
33:50\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, actually, it's just...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
33:53\

\fs28 \cf0 Grows out the kitchen, right? It's just, OK, now we get into it. Now you signed a contract, now we go deep into it. We don't just collect your files and then push it to the bank, close our eyes and hope that someone will just finance it. We have to...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
34:12\

\fs28 \cf0 Do a really good screening, the due diligence, to see where the red flags are, what will come up, what are the problems, what solutions do we have for it, how to work around some stuff. Every project developed with Tingsy has to...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
34:30\

\fs28 \cf0 The Opus Project on Earth, and then we are the guys who say, hey, you can just go and forget it, this is not going anywhere. There's no way you're going to find money, for example, and we need to address these questions up front.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
34:41\

\fs28 \cf0 A couple questions here. So you have the data room in this part of the task, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
34:47\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
34:48\

\fs28 \cf0 Idea of the data room here, first question, particularly because you're saying that...
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
34:53\

\fs28 \cf0 Because I thought this data room when you mentioned before was just a place where all the automated information is checked.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
35:04\

\fs28 \cf0 Sent either back to the developer, for example, for more questions or more information. And then once you get all the information you need, the data room...
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
35:15\

\fs28 \cf0 It's done. You don't need that anymore.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
35:18\

\fs28 \cf0 Or do you need it still for something else?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
35:20\

\fs28 \cf0 The data room is kind of a living beast, right?
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
35:24\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
35:26\

\fs28 \cf0 Of course.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
35:27\

\fs28 \cf0 So you'd be able to push many different things at different stages. You can go into the data room. So you're basically talking about a database, for example, that has all the information, but basically you're talking about a place. So let's not use the word database. You're talking about a thing.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
35:38\

\fs28 \cf0 I don't know.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
35:45\

\fs28 \cf0 A box that has all of...
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
35:49\

\fs28 \cf0 The checklists, the things in your mind, the things you know you need, the things you know you don't need, the red flag things, those kind of things. And every now and then you're going to push some information into it at different stages and it's going to tell you, we need this.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
36:06\

\fs28 \cf0 We need this. No, that's not right. Automated response, for example. And then in the next stage, it's going to be like, actually, no. Can't do this, right? You know what I mean? That's kind of what you're talking about, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
36:18\

\fs28 \cf0 This is really so. What happens up front is they send me manually.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
36:26\

\fs28 \cf0 I can even show you some emails where I have like 18 different files and then I downloaded them, just sending me through email.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
36:34\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
36:37\

\fs28 \cf0 But then after we are like, okay, let's get this done.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
36:42\

\fs28 \cf0 I can really submit or give them this data room for them to fill in. I have even different folders, like for the dumbest among us, like, hey...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
36:51\

\fs28 \cf0 Don't just send me everything in one file and I'm the one looking for what you know because people will send you document ABC and then you have to open it and see, okay.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
37:04\

\fs28 \cf0 This is not the document. This is not the copy, for example.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
37:07\

\fs28 \cf0 So you currently have something right now that they fill in, they put it in.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
37:12\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, I mean some of them will just give you a OneDrive link or typical things, but it's still just\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
37:24\

\fs28 \cf0 You're sorting that still, even if it's a OneDrive or whatever. You have to sort that, you get that folder and you're like, okay, let me go through these 23 documents, click, what's this? Put this over here.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
37:34\

\fs28 \cf0 I could have shared the folders as well, but it's really easy.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
37:41\

\fs28 \cf0 No, but when I sat down, like truth be told, when I sat down and even my wife gave me this hint because they were doing this on a whiteboard, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
37:51\

\fs28 \cf0 I came in the office and they had this huge whiteboard and I'm like, okay, wow.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
37:56\

\fs28 \cf0 Who writes on a whiteboard nowadays? But it helps to clear your mind. Then I sat down to really set this SOP with motion.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
38:11\

\fs28 \cf0 It really blew my mind what I have to keep in my head.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
38:14\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
38:16\

\fs28 \cf0 People would be like, how do you get this done? For me, it's normal. When I ask you, you'd be like, yeah, but it's like you drink\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
38:22\

\fs28 \cf0 Normally.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
38:28\

\fs28 \cf0 You need a database. I'm not broke.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
38:32\

\fs28 \cf0 What are you talking about?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
38:35\

\fs28 \cf0 Bro, slow down. No, but this is not normal. Of course, we're talking about big money and you can earn. Of course, I'm not doing this for charity. We're not doing the podcast for charity.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
38:49\

\fs28 \cf0 What I mean, like, the next frost, if I really, and this is really what I meant, like, when I sent you this gift. This is so crazy because I always have this Jarvis in my head.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
39:04\

\fs28 \cf0 Always.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
39:07\

\fs28 \cf0 I always have this Jarvis in my head because in the B2C sector, it's done. In the B2C sector there are platforms, the client uploads stuff, it's not that complicated. That's why maybe it functions.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
39:17\

\fs28 \cf0 But in the B2C sector, when I was working in the bank, I really reduced my one and a half, one hour meetings to 20 minutes.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
39:30\

\fs28 \cf0 Because I sent out the link to the client, he uploaded everything, it automated, sorted everything out, and if something was missing, I'd get on the phone, I'm like, hey Mr. Clark.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
39:35\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
39:39\

\fs28 \cf0 Ich brauche noch Gehaltszettel, ich brauche noch das, ich brauche noch Eigenkapital, ich brauche noch Grundbuch, das fehlt und dann k\'f6nnen wir und dann, you know, it's sort of loud and then boom, off you go.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
39:49\

\fs28 \cf0 Instead of dealing in an hour with one client.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
39:52\

\fs28 \cf0 Hmm.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
39:53\

\fs28 \cf0 Chunking it into 20 minutes, just do the math. I can deal with five clients in one hour, right? Then it's a numbers game. If I need 10 leads to close one deal or even 15, I can get it done.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
40:08\

\fs28 \cf0 I just don't get it. There are so many bright brains out there in tech. What the fuck do I still have to do this manually though?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
40:21\

\fs28 \cf0 Bro, you're talking to me for 10 minutes, I'm like, hey Eugene, so you're telling me right now it's just documents? Dude, my whole business is like 90-95% documents.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
40:31\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, that's what it sounds like. Five percent is you talking to people and making them feel good and the rest is documents.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
40:33\

\fs28 \cf0 No.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
40:38\

\fs28 \cf0 The storytelling is just five percent. It's just getting on the call and then it comes with how you prep, right? Because if\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
40:48\

\fs28 \cf0 If you submitted to the bank, this guy's opening, he's like, oh wow, crazy, I have everything sorted out, everything is on point, you know he's dealing with a professional.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
41:00\

\fs28 \cf0 Me, for example, I have to open every document to see, is this\'97don't you even have some kind of intern who can just write it down like Grundbuch raus, warum muss ich das Buch \'f6ffnen?
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
41:13\

\fs28 \cf0 Even the labeling of the document itself.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
41:13\

\fs28 \cf0 And dude, if I show you some\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
41:17\

\fs28 \cf0 So you're getting into the nitty-gritty of dealing with unlabeled documents, so you have to look at it and go label it. This is real grunt work.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
41:30\

\fs28 \cf0 Bro, this is\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
41:32\

\fs28 \cf0 So what I'm looking at here, as you keep explaining more and I see the term task through this whole process.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
41:41\

\fs28 \cf0 There's like 16 or 18 different elements here of tasks that have to be done for one deal, right?
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
41:49\

\fs28 \cf0 And so out of these\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
41:52\

\fs28 \cf0 What are the\'97this first one seems like a lot, like the qualification.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
41:57\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
41:58\

\fs28 \cf0 Out of these, what are the top three things? Eventually, you would hope to get all of the areas of this done, right? But off the top, I'd love to look at what are the top three things that you'd be like\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
42:07\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
42:12\

\fs28 \cf0 If I could just get rid of these three things, it would be a great start, for example. So you're talking about the qualification.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
42:21\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
42:22\

\fs28 \cf0 Which is like a data room, something that you can basically automate the qualifications by saying I'm getting all of these input documents that are\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
42:35\

\fs28 \cf0 Unsorted and unlabeled and I have to label them, and then I take the documents, make sure I have all the documents.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
42:40\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
42:44\

\fs28 \cf0 Then I've got to feed all the documents into ChatGPT and get ChatGPT to help me analyze the document. Then I have to understand what I'm looking at, and then I have to go back with any questions.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
42:58\

\fs28 \cf0 Any information that I still need from that person.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
43:03\

\fs28 \cf0 Then I have to have a discussion with them about that, and then I gotta wait on those documents, and then you can only go on to the next part of the process.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
43:11\

\fs28 \cf0 Is that correct?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
43:14\

\fs28 \cf0 You're\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
43:14\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay, and this takes up five to ten hours, like this is just time over a week or however long it takes you to get back the information. Okay, interesting.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
43:23\

\fs28 \cf0 Interesting. The other thing I had about\'97you were saying that every\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
43:29\

\fs28 \cf0 Every\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
43:31\

\fs28 \cf0 Deal is different.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
43:33\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
43:34\

\fs28 \cf0 Every deal is different. I mean, this is kind of a bigger question, but\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
43:39\

\fs28 \cf0 Every deal is different, but a lot of the deals are the same. Would you not say that? Would you not say that if I could say I have 10 or 12 different\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
43:51\

\fs28 \cf0 Types of deals, you know, like I have the office rental, I have the new building, I have the new property.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
43:53\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
43:59\

\fs28 \cf0 The debt write-off, the debt restructure, you have certain things that are probably the same.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
44:06\

\fs28 \cf0 If I get a deal like this or offer or a request like this,
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
44:15\

\fs28 \cf0 I can move forward with it in this way.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
44:18\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
44:19\

\fs28 \cf0 If I get a deal that's about restructuring, I can move forward with it in this way. In those things, a lot of the questions and a lot of ways to go about it are the same.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
44:28\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
44:29\

\fs28 \cf0 That's interesting to me to understand, so you almost make profiles. You could almost say I have lender or not lender, you have
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
44:38\

\fs28 \cf0 Developer profile this, developer profile number two, real estate, all.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
44:41\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
44:43\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
44:44\

\fs28 \cf0 There is.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
44:48\

\fs28 \cf0 So you have like three, actually you nailed it really good. You have like these three
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
44:52\

\fs28 \cf0 profiles.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
44:54\

\fs28 \cf0 You have acquisition finance, like they're just trying to buy the land.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
45:01\

\fs28 \cf0 And you have development finance.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
45:04\

\fs28 \cf0 And you have the...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
45:07\

\fs28 \cf0 Actually, they refinance itself right now, which is a huge thing right now. These are like these three profiles and I don't want to go, I'm just concentrating.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
45:15\

\fs28 \cf0 No, I know what you mean.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
45:17\

\fs28 \cf0 I'm just concentrating right now on residential.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
45:21\

\fs28 \cf0 Otherwise, I'll just lose my mind.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
45:24\

\fs28 \cf0 You
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
45:25\

\fs28 \cf0 No, because you can't finance, it's really too tough. It could be good, but
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
45:33\

\fs28 \cf0 You see in all the transactions and all the kind of deals, it's not really happening, office development and kind of, so if you have residential,
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
45:41\

\fs28 \cf0 Then you have a bunch of touch points with other lenders, capital lenders by the end of the day.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
45:49\

\fs28 \cf0 We could like, and I've never thought about it this way, and this is also the missing piece and I just wrote it down as well because I have this structure that I'm saying SOP but actually I have to have an SOP for every different
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
46:02\

\fs28 \cf0 or disputed profiles by the end of the day because the acquisition financing is of course different than development financing and there's different questions and then within these three profiles, you can have your top 10 questions that are always the same, always things that need to be done and let me just try to
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
46:25\

\fs28 \cf0 just a second, just for you to have a better idea what I was trying
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
46:32\

\fs28 \cf0 It's just...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
46:35\

\fs28 \cf0 So
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
46:39\

\fs28 \cf0 Where's that? Okay.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
46:41\

\fs28 \cf0 So this right here, Swain, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
46:45\

\fs28 \cf0 This is.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
46:48\

\fs28 \cf0 So you already have my mom, now I'm giving you my sister on top of that to take off, right? This is what I mean.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
46:57\

\fs28 \cf0 This is just the checklist.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
46:59\

\fs28 \cf0 Dude, yeah.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
47:00\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay. So these are the documents. These are the things you need from when they're like, I need some money. Okay, let's start here. Get me this stuff.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
47:04\

\fs28 \cf0 These are the things.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
47:12\

\fs28 \cf0 Projektbeschreibung, Kaufvertrag, bla bla bla, and this is what really answers the question. You signed a contract, now let's get it done.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
47:21\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
47:22\

\fs28 \cf0 Now you contracted me, if you want me to get this thing done, this is what I need and this is a really
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
47:30\

\fs28 \cf0 broad checklist and the devil is in the details with who we are talking to by the end of the day. I don't just send them this checklist and then they will just go and kill themselves, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
47:40\

\fs28 \cf0 Within this, I need certain things that are definitely crucial. Otherwise, just don't get on the call, right? Expos\'e9, Kaufvertrag, I don't need it right now, Grundbuchauszug, no, not really, but as I said, expos\'e9.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
47:58\

\fs28 \cf0 Ausstattung, Baubeschreibung, Bauzeitenplan, these are things that definitely need to be discussed up front, the calculations. So this is the checklist, and this is just for the asset. It goes deeper to say, now we need the KYC.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
48:16\

\fs28 \cf0 P&E, Eigenkapital, BWA, and then also, of course, we are in Germany, all these regulation stuff.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
48:25\

\fs28 \cf0 And this is like, I'm like.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
48:28\

\fs28 \cf0 Are you guys kidding me?
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
48:32\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay, hold on. I need to get you back because you're getting into the weeds right now. So this checklist is after you sign the contract, just so I understand.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
48:41\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay, after you sign the contract. So you have the first checklist, which is like, you just want a date, you want to talk.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
48:47\

\fs28 \cf0 Give me these things. Let me even see if this is worth my time.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
48:53\

\fs28 \cf0 Then you're going to see once it's worth your time, they say okay, we can do something with this, I'm going to send you over a contract, we're going to sign the contract and then we go deep.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
49:02\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay, we need to get this, we need to get this. And all of this is so you can present to a lender, depending on which lender it is, it may be the bank, it may be a private lender, but this is the information that you're going to need to find that money.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
49:14\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
49:14\

\fs28 \cf0 And so
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
49:16\

\fs28 \cf0 So there's a couple of things because we're kind of going into
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
49:20\

\fs28 \cf0 all of the things that need to be done and I want to rein it back a little bit because I think that
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
49:31\

\fs28 \cf0 When we get back to, let me understand this. So your day, you come in, you have your tasks, you have your regular things that you need to do, perhaps you have a new lead, you've got a new client, you've got to wrap up this deal, you've got to send this proposal out to the bank, those kind of things, you put them over time into motion by yourself.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
49:46\

\fs28 \cf0 Create them in motion, put their priorities, put them where they need to go, and then the automation will just tell you when those things need to be done for the rest of the week.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
49:55\

\fs28 \cf0 Yes.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
49:57\

\fs28 \cf0 Then you have your pipe drive where you put all of your leads. Are any of these things connected? Are any of these, like your pipe drive connected to motion? Okay, so those are not connected. Are any of your calls, you're using what was it, Aircall?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
50:19\

\fs28 \cf0 Aircall, Aircall with, yeah, this is this.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
50:20\

\fs28 \cf0 Dear client,
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
50:22\

\fs28 \cf0 This is Connected's Pipe Drive.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
50:24\

\fs28 \cf0 Disconnected to Pipedrive, yeah, this is connected to Pipedrive or my Fireflies. So my Aircall is connected to Fireflies and Fireflies to Aircall, but
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
50:25\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
50:34\

\fs28 \cf0 It's definitely connected.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
50:34\

\fs28 \cf0 Are most connected to Pipedrive? Like if you were to do a call
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
50:40\

\fs28 \cf0 How do you get the information now? Like, okay, I just did this call. This sounds good. This sounds like a lead.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
50:47\

\fs28 \cf0 How do you get that information into motion or into
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
50:52\

\fs28 \cf0 into your pipe drive.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
50:54\

\fs28 \cf0 So the connection between Aircall and Pipedrive is automatic. So every time I finish the call, I have a summary.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
51:04\

\fs28 \cf0 Actually, from Fireflies I could do it with Aircall itself. They also have this AI, but back then they didn't have this AI thing, so what I did is kind of a workaround. Aircall is connected to Fireflies and Fireflies sends the summary to
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
51:21\

\fs28 \cf0 PipeDrive. You get what I mean?
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
51:23\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, it sends it to PipeDrive and then PipeDrive takes it and fills out your information. Jane Doe, she's, you know, Max Musterman.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
51:34\

\fs28 \cf0 Literally, yeah. Then it's in Notitzen, then I have like, okay, what did we discuss the other time, and then I have boom, this is connected.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
51:34\

\fs28 \cf0 All in there, okay, you have your notes.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
51:46\

\fs28 \cf0 Motion has a connection to HubSpot but not to PipeDrive, so it's kind of\'97and I've never thought about it. Of course, it would make sense, but...
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
51:59\

\fs28 \cf0 Why would you need Motion connected to PipeDrive?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
52:13\

\fs28 \cf0 If I create a new project,
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
52:16\

\fs28 \cf0 then I have all these different steps I showed you before.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
52:20\

\fs28 \cf0 And this will be good to connect with PipeDrive.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
52:24\

\fs28 \cf0 Because,
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
52:29\

\fs28 \cf0 I'm 24-7 in PipeDrive. If, I don't know, let me\'97it would waste time to think about it.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
52:37\

\fs28 \cf0 I don't want to create an unnecessary task.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
52:41\

\fs28 \cf0 I'm just sick and tired of
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
52:43\

\fs28 \cf0 switching between different
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
52:46\

\fs28 \cf0 AIs and different platforms. I think it would be just more convenient to have one proof of source. I open PipeDrive, I open this deal, where are we at this stage in this deal in PipeDrive, for example.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
53:00\

\fs28 \cf0 It will blow up the whole process, to be really honest. It will make history big, but
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
53:06\

\fs28 \cf0 because Motion is good in this project.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
53:10\

\fs28 \cf0 Project management stuff. PipeDrive also has it, but you know these kinds of tools, right?
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
53:16\

\fs28 \cf0 Well, PipeDrive is basically a CRM.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
53:18\

\fs28 \cf0 That's it, you know.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
53:19\

\fs28 \cf0 And Motion is your schedule.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
53:21\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, so it will be good, but maybe for the next meditation, I need to really think about it.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
53:29\

\fs28 \cf0 Why would it make sense? For me, it's just such a hassle to switch between all these different tools.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
53:38\

\fs28 \cf0 And I even thought about trying to connect with NH8 or this thing. I was okay just
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
53:45\

\fs28 \cf0 leaving it alone, you know, it wouldn't\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
53:48\

\fs28 \cf0 Well, I mean, it's not for you. You don't need to go learn any and to do that. My question would be,
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
53:55\

\fs28 \cf0 What...
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
53:58\

\fs28 \cf0 What tools are you switching between the most and why?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
54:07\

\fs28 \cf0 I switch the most between
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
54:11\

\fs28 \cf0 PipeDrive, Motion,
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
54:18\

\fs28 \cf0 ChatGPT.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
54:32\

\fs28 \cf0 And my email. Why? I mean, email isn't in PipeDrive, but\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
54:39\

\fs28 \cf0 Why? Because anytime I get new information, it triggers something new, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
54:45\

\fs28 \cf0 Let's say with a client, he sends me\'97even this morning,
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
54:50\

\fs28 \cf0 Welcome to the office. I had
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
54:52\

\fs28 \cf0 three, four new emails with documents because they didn't provide them last week, so I have them this week.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
54:59\

\fs28 \cf0 So it comes in. Now what do I have to do? I have to check in Motion. Where are we in the process, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
55:07\

\fs28 \cf0 What did I send to them? What was I asking for? Now they send it to me. Now I have to check Motion, where are we right now?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
55:19\

\fs28 \cf0 What they just sent\'97this is really in my head right now, what I'm trying to break down for you to understand. I get the email, I get the documents, now I have to go through Motion because I have my checklist, what is missing.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
55:30\

\fs28 \cf0 So, I look at this. Okay, check, check, check, check.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
55:33\

\fs28 \cf0 Let's just assume it's 100% what I was asking. Now I have to go to PipeDrive.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
55:44\

\fs28 \cf0 For my emails or just the documents itself.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
55:50\

\fs28 \cf0 No, it's email,
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
55:52\

\fs28 \cf0 Motion, and now maybe ChatGPT.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
55:56\

\fs28 \cf0 Because based on the new information, I'm running a\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
56:00\

\fs28 \cf0 I update analysis.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
56:04\

\fs28 \cf0 Understanding what I'm seeing.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
56:07\

\fs28 \cf0 Hopefully no questions will be triggered, but if so, then I go back and forth with the emails.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
56:15\

\fs28 \cf0 And that's where PipeDrive comes in, always with the communication.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
56:19\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, I'm trying to understand what PipeDrive is doing because I understand that you get documents from your client. Then you've got to go and take those documents over to Motion and update Motion. I got these new documents, now we're at this stage or we've got to move it over here or there's some\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
56:37\

\fs28 \cf0 And so that's the number two, and then you take those documents, you have an existing analysis, but now you need to update the analysis more. Now I've got these new documents. So what's my level at? I don't know. Let's call it a percentage, where are we at?
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
56:48\

\fs28 \cf0 And then why do you go back to PipeDrive? Because for me, PipeDrive just has Max Mustermann's information as a lead, right? Or are you using it for something else?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
57:01\

\fs28 \cf0 Well,
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
57:03\

\fs28 \cf0 I have also different stages in PipeDrive. So I have\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
57:09\

\fs28 \cf0 I have my
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
57:10\

\fs28 \cf0 let's say project management thing in Motion because it's just better than PipeDrive.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
57:15\

\fs28 \cf0 And in PipeDrive, I have a really high level.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
57:20\

\fs28 \cf0 Create it, let's call it funnel or stages or whatever. Let me just open it and then that's where I
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
57:27\

\fs28 \cf0 go back to PipeDrive besides emails. Let me share it so that you can
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
57:37\

\fs28 \cf0 You get it better what I mean.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
57:50\

\fs28 \cf0 So
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
58:02\

\fs28 \cf0 So this is the PipeDrive.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
58:06\

\fs28 \cf0 Depending on where I am\'97so this is Finanzierung B2B. It's a different thing if you have like a
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
58:13\

\fs28 \cf0 investment and fragments, like brokerage. This is my nonsense for acquisition, new deals, but let's stay in B2B. I have the deal, before I have the deal, I'm here with leads.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
58:27\

\fs28 \cf0 I just put leads whenever I get a call\'97hey, check this guy up or can you help them, blah, blah, blah. So I have these leads right now.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
58:35\

\fs28 \cf0 In the leads, which I don't want to get too deep into, but in the leads itself I always give them information and notes and so on. But let's assume it's back from leads to deal. If I create a deal, then it's here in this stage. And then as we go forward, I'll be pushing it. So right now,
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
58:53\

\fs28 \cf0 your questions will be answered. Now I have the checklist and everything is okay. Then I get it done from Besprechung, Kapitalgeber to Anfrage, like the officially
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
59:04\

\fs28 \cf0 sending the proposal. So actually I use PipeDrive to also stay on track.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
59:10\

\fs28 \cf0 with the different leads.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
59:12\

\fs28 \cf0 So you have two tracks actually. You have your pipe drive track.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
59:16\

\fs28 \cf0 And then your pipe drive track, you have your motion track.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
59:19\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, and this is not connected.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
59:21\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, they're not connected. And right now, you're updating two systems constantly. You have to update motion. And would you say that motion is more about the...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
59:26\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
59:32\

\fs28 \cf0 Actual tasks, like I've got to get this document, the very detailed stuff.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
59:39\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
59:41\

\fs28 \cf0 Pipe drive is like your overall, like I'm in this stage now, we've got the test done which we did in motion, now we're in the next stage. These are overall probably like 10 stages, but within, for example, your project deal, and then projekt for, yeah, vorstellung, so in that area you may have like 50 tasks that have to be done, for example.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:00:08\

\fs28 \cf0 And design motion. Yeah.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:00:09\

\fs28 \cf0 No emotion, okay. And so there's no way right now, for example, there's nothing that happens in motion that says, okay, now when I've done these tasks, I've now completed this, update pipe drive or something like this, right? That doesn't happen, right? That doesn't happen, I'm just asking.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:00:28\

\fs28 \cf0 No, that doesn't happen. I've never.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:00:29\

\fs28 \cf0 With no...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:00:31\

\fs28 \cf0 I've never gone, I mean they have here some kind of, but I've never used it, I've never tried it.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:00:37\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, they have, I'm sure they have some kind.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:00:41\

\fs28 \cf0 Know how to have some project nonsense.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:00:42\

\fs28 \cf0 I'll have API.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:00:44\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:00:47\

\fs28 \cf0 I probably could do it with pipe drive.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:00:52\

\fs28 \cf0 Probably could do it. I've never checked it. Maybe I should spend the time and see if this will make sense.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:00:59\

\fs28 \cf0 It would make sense. It would be really...
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:01:02\

\fs28 \cf0 Well, I wouldn't say yet that anything makes sense because it depends on what the goal is, right? I don't even know what that option you just had is.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:01:11\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:01:12\

\fs28 \cf0 But what I was just, for example, talking about was.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:01:16\

\fs28 \cf0 There's a redundant\'97it's not really a redundancy because you need the overall project, but you need the many tasks, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:01:24\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:01:26\

\fs28 \cf0 Those need to exist. So they're not redundant, like you can't take one out or the other. They need to both exist. But right now, they're not talking to each other. They're just like, this one's do it so you got to go update here and then I got to go update there and then go back update here and I got to go back and update there, so you're going back and forth.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:01:26\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:01:35\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:01:45\

\fs28 \cf0 My question, I was trying to understand if, again, are there redundancies, right? Like you get an email.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:01:53\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:01:53\

\fs28 \cf0 You get information and then that information needs to be updated in motion.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:02:00\

\fs28 \cf0 So now I've got the task bits, you gave me all that information I need for today. We're in stage two of project, like of the pipeline drive, but we're filling out these tasks. Now I get them, put ChatGPT, ChatGPT spits out some information, okay, this is great.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:02:10\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:02:18\

\fs28 \cf0 If you still need that thing, you got to go to email, hey look, I still need those documents, can you send me over xyz.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:02:24\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:02:24\

\fs28 \cf0 If it's good, then you could say, all right, now we've completed that stage.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:02:29\

\fs28 \cf0 I got to update now motion. I got to go update pipeline.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:02:34\

\fs28 \cf0 Now we moved on to the next stage.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:02:41\

\fs28 \cf0 And then there may be another email that's sent out to them. Okay, now we're in stage two. Here's what I need. Then they're going to send you that a week later and then that's going to go over to motion and then you're going to keep going in this cycle. It sounds like this is
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:02:49\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:02:50\

\fs28 \cf0 This is your cycle and you may use Perplexity if you want to sometimes because Perplexity has more information. You may use ChatGPT because it's easier. And then you may have some outliers, like, oh, we called the bank, I gotta get on the call with this guy because he's not understanding what I'm doing, you have these kind of\'97but it seems like this is your wheelhouse of information, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:03:13\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:03:16\

\fs28 \cf0 And so one thing I want to go back to is when you are grabbing the information from the developer, let's just use the profile of a developer.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:03:29\

\fs28 \cf0 You have this as a lead.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:03:33\

\fs28 \cf0 You contact this lead here. I got your number from Sway. I heard you're looking for some da-da-da-da-da. This is what I do. All right, these are the documents that I need, right? And at that point, are you sending them a website link or a link of some sort that says,
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:03:47\

\fs28 \cf0 Upload birth certificate here, upload driver's license here, upload this.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:03:53\

\fs28 \cf0 Or do you just say, okay, these are the documents I need, I'll give you an email and a list, you go through it and you email me back all these.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:04:02\

\fs28 \cf0 This is exactly what I do.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:04:08\

\fs28 \cf0 Actually, where is it? Is it this one? No, wait a second.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:04:15\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, this is the method that will get.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:04:17\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay, so this is done in pipe drive.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:04:20\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, it's just a draft and then bifocal checklister. So then they have the checklister that I just showed you.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:04:27\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:04:29\

\fs28 \cf0 But then within the mail...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:04:33\

\fs28 \cf0 This is also what you just said and I was like, every time it's like that manually, I don't have tactics, just profiles.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:04:43\

\fs28 \cf0 So I'm talking to this guy and he's in refinancing and then I have to modify the mail and then say, OK, within the checklist, just concentrate on ABC.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:04:53\

\fs28 \cf0 This is
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:04:57\

\fs28 \cf0 This is mandatory for me to see what we are dealing, we are looking into. So don't just go bananas on the whole checklist.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:05:08\

\fs28 \cf0 It's just for you to have an overview what is coming if we should get the deal done, but then concentrate on these five tasks and then I will just put it in the emails manually.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:05:17\

\fs28 \cf0 You mean because the five tasks, sorry to cut you, but the five tasks for refinancing is different from the five tasks from acquisition.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:05:25\

\fs28 \cf0 Perfect, yes.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:05:25\

\fs28 \cf0 That's why you have to actually manually do this. So you don't have one that's set up already that says,
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:05:31\

\fs28 \cf0 If it's a refinance, just pull this out, send this one. If it's a\'97okay. And you don't have it because...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:05:38\

\fs28 \cf0 I never, I've never seen.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:05:42\

\fs28 \cf0 It just came to my mind, just became clear.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:05:45\

\fs28 \cf0 In the last 30 minutes.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:05:48\

\fs28 \cf0 No, it's all good. This is good. This is getting value even from the call, which is great.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:05:48\

\fs28 \cf0 No, really.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:05:54\

\fs28 \cf0 It just came to my mind because this would also really save time. And I mean, as you can see here, I have a bunch of drafts already, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:06:03\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:06:05\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 And this is like, what the fuck? Okay.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:06:08\

\fs28 \cf0 And this is all done in PyDrive.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:06:08\

\fs28 \cf0 It's\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:06:10\

\fs28 \cf0 This is done in AppDrive. This is just a community.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:06:11\

\fs28 \cf0 It does your emails, it does all of your communication with your lead.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:06:17\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, because I have the clients attached to the client. Obviously it's a Google mail, but within my CRM I have everything done on point and I've never\'97 And this is actually...
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:06:32\

\fs28 \cf0 Would definitely save time.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:06:34\

\fs28 \cf0 Having to define these profiles instead of going on an overall email and then doing it manually again.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:06:43\

\fs28 \cf0 100%.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:06:44\

\fs28 \cf0 Well, I've never seen it or never that.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:06:50\

\fs28 \cf0 Done before even. Out about it actually.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:06:52\

\fs28 \cf0 Because you could just create the profiles here, right? Have a profile for this, have a profile for this, have 10 profiles, for example, and then you're like, bam, bam.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:07:00\

\fs28 \cf0 Definitely. I mean, and PipeDrive also has this trigger.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:07:08\

\fs28 \cf0 Within, I can push it right now because it's activated, but what I've done here is\'97 And it's nothing rocket science\'97when I push them through, let's say, develop a LinkedIn, when I put here a new contact in, it ultimately sends the email out. So it's not really against\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:07:30\

\fs28 \cf0 That does happen.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:07:32\

\fs28 \cf0 I have the drafts already created and then it kind of triggers so they have it in PipeDrive itself. So if then blah blah blah, you know.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:07:43\

\fs28 \cf0 This would take me like a half an hour to set everything up. This works, but I haven't been repeating myself.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:07:54\

\fs28 \cf0 No, that's good, that's interesting. And so of the things that we've talked about today, because we talked about a few things, we talked about this kind of qualification process.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:08:06\

\fs28 \cf0 And then the post-qualification process.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:08:10\

\fs28 \cf0 And all of these things are super manual.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:08:13\

\fs28 \cf0 Tasks that take up\'97you mentioned between five to ten hours of any deal.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:08:21\

\fs28 \cf0 And then you've got your personal process, like how you\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:08:26\

\fs28 \cf0 Navigate through the different platforms to transfer and move information back and forth, cut and paste and all that kind of stuff.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:08:36\

\fs28 \cf0 So these are things, and then outside of these stages we talked about, there are more stages we haven't even talked about yet, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:08:44\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:08:44\

\fs28 \cf0 Cool. A couple of questions. Do you have a lot of\'97so this is just between you and the developer at this point, for example.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:08:53\

\fs28 \cf0 Are there any legal restrictions around data that you are allowed to\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:09:02\

\fs28 \cf0 Do you have legal restrictions, like you can't put data into ChatGPT or\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:09:07\

\fs28 \cf0 Can't believe complexity and ask it, for example. Has this ever been a question for you?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:09:13\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, but it's the same like you're not supposed to fuck before marriage, right? So it's kind of\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:09:18\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, that's it. I just wanted to ask that question. We can erase that. So that's one thing. And the second thing I guess is, have you tried\'97for these current problems that you're having, because I call them problems, they're just fucking annoyances\'97have you tried anything else to solve them? Have you tried any other things?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:09:41\

\fs28 \cf0 Dude, even if\'97and we don't need to go back to ages, but\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:09:49\

\fs28 \cf0 Before, I mean, PyTorch, I've been using PyTorch for a long time now, but setting up triggers or these drafts or these stages, everything, it develops like the way the business is developing.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:10:01\

\fs28 \cf0 It comes now and then, like you hit me up and then we talk and then we try to get 1% better every day and then finally we hit our goals. I always try to fix.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:10:14\

\fs28 \cf0 But to be honest, it's always\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:10:18\

\fs28 \cf0 It's annoying itself, you know.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:10:20\

\fs28 \cf0 To do it.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:10:21\

\fs28 \cf0 To do it.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:10:22\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:10:23\

\fs28 \cf0 Because PipeDrive will send you a video and say, just two minutes and you get this trigger set up. And then\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:10:33\

\fs28 \cf0 Eugene is there for like two days and the trigger is still not working, for example. And then setting up the trigger, you will make it as you just said. Motion is so important, PipeDrive is so important, but they're not communicating and then I will go to annotate and make.com and\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:10:42\

\fs28 \cf0 They're not talking.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:10:47\

\fs28 \cf0 Lindy and kind of nonsense and then I'll be like, okay, you can all just go and fuck yourself, I'm just gonna do business as usual. I've tried a couple of things, but I wouldn't even say 30% to really solve it, right? Because it will also cost time that I don't have. I don't have the expertise, I don't have the knowledge.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:11:10\

\fs28 \cf0 First of all, getting the knowledge.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:11:13\

\fs28 \cf0 To understand what I'm doing.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:11:15\

\fs28 \cf0 And then implementing it.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:11:19\

\fs28 \cf0 I just call you up and like, hey, dude, this is my problem. Is it a way to fix, do you have an idea or so? But I've never thought about it. I was like, OK, hey. At least I have like a\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:11:30\

\fs28 \cf0 SOP now in Motion where I can follow because back then it was also like, okay, what are we doing, troubleshooting, right? I've never\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:11:41\

\fs28 \cf0 Tried to fix this kind of thing. This thing with the data room has been in my head since at least four years now.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:11:48\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:11:49\

\fs28 \cf0 Because when I started, I've been into finance since the last 17, 18 years, but B2B like the last five years. And it instantly hit me up because I was coming from B2C and I was like, why don't you guys have this in B2B? What's the point?
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:12:05\

\fs28 \cf0 Why is it in B2C but not in B2B essentially?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:12:08\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, it's the complexity, first point, to be fair enough.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:12:13\

\fs28 \cf0 But it's\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:12:14\

\fs28 \cf0 But it's not that complex, I guess. It is complex, but it could also be\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:12:14\

\fs28 \cf0 Nothing is\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:12:18\

\fs28 \cf0 It could be solved, definitely. It could be solved.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:12:22\

\fs28 \cf0 I'm curious about these three things we talked about, like you moving through your platforms, maybe having more connectivity.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:12:32\

\fs28 \cf0 Having a better streamlined qualified process or even this data room\'97what would this do for you? If you had these things solved, even one of them, what would it be like for you? What would it do for you?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:12:45\

\fs28 \cf0 It's time. It's the most precious thing we have on earth, dude. It's time.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:12:50\

\fs28 \cf0 Because by the end of the day, I always say it's not\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:12:57\

\fs28 \cf0 I have no patent on it but it's for me so clear, like in the same 24 hours\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:13:02\

\fs28 \cf0 Jeff Bezos is earning millions.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:13:07\

\fs28 \cf0 No, but it's just, you know, it's\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:13:09\

\fs28 \cf0 Billions, bro.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:13:11\

\fs28 \cf0 Billions, dude. And it's time, and it's time. He's sitting there jerking off and people are taking off this, you know, I'll do it.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:13:18\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, take this note. He's got it.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:13:22\

\fs28 \cf0 It's time. And what comes to me and then coming back to my analysis and then Excel, by the end of the day, it's still a numbers game. I have more zeros than when I used to work for B2C, but at the end of the day, if I spend so much time working on three projects right now, just doing analysis, just seeing where I'm at right now.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:13:46\

\fs28 \cf0 I can't take off other deals.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:13:48\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:13:49\

\fs28 \cf0 It's too complex, it's too much, it's just too much for me. If I can automate this, then I can work simultaneously on maybe six deals. Because the conversion rate, it's still like, give me a break. After qualifying, it's still like\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:14:06\

\fs28 \cf0 5%.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:14:10\

\fs28 \cf0 After qualifying, after you say, oh, wow, this could go through, it's still 5%. It's not like after the qualification it's a 50-50 chance to hit the deal. Then, bro.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:14:19\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, then you're\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:14:22\

\fs28 \cf0 And we won't be talking right now because I'll be\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:14:24\

\fs28 \cf0 Because after qualification, there are still people that don't get the loan. So you don't get the money.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:14:28\

\fs28 \cf0 They don't get the loan. You can go through all this process. I'm talking about months.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:14:36\

\fs28 \cf0 Months, wait, six months, seven months. On average, it's like six to eight months.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:14:42\

\fs28 \cf0 Working on one project and it can die on a Monday, on a Tuesday for nonsense.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:14:49\

\fs28 \cf0 It's literally\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:14:50\

\fs28 \cf0 So what I'm hearing then is, the more you can automate\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:14:55\

\fs28 \cf0 Even these three things, even one of these things will allow you to have more time, which you could use to get more clients or to spend with new clients, which affects the bottom line of more money.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:15:07\

\fs28 \cf0 That's the thing, because then here comes the beauty part of this AI thing. What I'm seeing and what is naturally in our DNA, we connect, right?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:15:18\

\fs28 \cf0 We connect better than Max Musterman and John Smith, right? We just connect. We are on a different level. So I can really play my strengths.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:15:27\

\fs28 \cf0 More aggressively I can be on networking and explain to them why I speak such good German and all that kind of nonsense they want to hear. And I know things are getting done by the end of the day. Truth be told.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:15:40\

\fs28 \cf0 I get the deal and then I have to go do the analysis, then after one week, then after\'97if you are really into just doing the numbers.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:15:50\

\fs28 \cf0 Every\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:15:52\

\fs28 \cf0 Pre-qualifying takes a week.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:15:55\

\fs28 \cf0 It's like 52 weeks without me sleeping, eating, going on vacation.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:16:02\

\fs28 \cf0 And it just doesn't make sense. It's just a pre-qualification, right? So I want to be able to have\'97I mean, this is just a cause that I have to follow. I'm not sharing my screen, but\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:16:15\

\fs28 \cf0 I want to have a stable of like 15 deals in the pipeline.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:16:21\

\fs28 \cf0 That's your goal to have like\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:16:22\

\fs28 \cf0 Yes, me too.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:16:23\

\fs28 \cf0 To be able to manage 15 deals at a time.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:16:25\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, to manage 15 deals because by the end of the day maybe one, maybe two\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:16:31\

\fs28 \cf0 If God's on my side, maybe three will go through.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:16:36\

\fs28 \cf0 It's more than enough to have\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:16:41\

\fs28 \cf0 Sorry, just let me check.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:16:42\

\fs28 \cf0 All good.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:16:43\

\fs28 \cf0 To\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:16:45\

\fs28 \cf0 Hang around five months in Indonesia like my boy. So that's the thing.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:16:48\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:16:53\

\fs28 \cf0 It's no rocket science for me. In my mind it's no rocket science.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:16:58\

\fs28 \cf0 Why can't I just\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:17:02\

\fs28 \cf0 Have some kind of automation within the data room, some kind of bot to check what kind of documents are in it right now. I don't even want to go and see, is this\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:17:13\

\fs28 \cf0 Is this folder already filled with something? This is even\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:17:18\

\fs28 \cf0 Just give me that.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:17:20\

\fs28 \cf0 Thanks.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:17:21\

\fs28 \cf0 Let me think. Give me a few days. Let me take this in. Let me look at a few things. I'm also going to talk with a developer that I work with.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:17:35\

\fs28 \cf0 Let me get some information. If you could send me those screenshots, send me the tasks, then send me the screenshots that we opened, like qualification, you know, you're sending me like\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:17:47\

\fs28 \cf0 Four steps. So in this stage, in the first one, project onboarding, I think this is the one we went through. If you can go through and like this and then send me those\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:17:56\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:17:57\

\fs28 \cf0 Screenshot as well, the overall, and then those screenshots and even the pipe drive stuff. Just send me that so I can get a\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:17:59\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:18:02\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:18:05\

\fs28 \cf0 If I can look at it again and just get an idea of it. And what I would like to do in the next call is sit down and say, okay, let's look at\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:18:15\

\fs28 \cf0 What we could potentially tackle first. Let me look at maybe some solutions, have some ideas that I have for you.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:18:21\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:18:21\

\fs28 \cf0 Then you look at what we can tackle at a time because my thing is you got\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:18:27\

\fs28 \cf0 A lot, there's a lot of things to do, which is fine, which is totally fine. I think the best way to tackle these is always to start with small steps.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:18:37\

\fs28 \cf0 So that I get a better idea of what's in your mind because I need to basically pull out what's in your head. You start with small steps, build this little thing, start on this little thing, and eventually\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:18:51\

\fs28 \cf0 You can look at it over a forecast amount of time, like, okay, this is what we will look at too in a year, for example, with companies that look in forecast for three years.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:18:55\

\fs28 \cf0 I mean\'97
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:19:00\

\fs28 \cf0 How we can automate the whole process, but we're going to start here, we're going to start with a thing and one by one, and you'll learn more, I'll learn more, things like this. So let me\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:19:04\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:19:09\

\fs28 \cf0 Gracias.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:19:10\

\fs28 \cf0 Yeah, send me that. Let me go through what I've got here. I also recorded the call, so I'm going to go through this as well. And then let's talk in, let's say, what's today, Monday?
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:19:21\

\fs28 \cf0 Let's say Friday.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:19:24\

\fs28 \cf0 Friday works. For me, Mondays and Fridays are always good.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:19:27\

\fs28 \cf0 Fridays are good. Okay, so let's book another call for Friday.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:19:31\

\fs28 \cf0 Mm-hmm.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:19:32\

\fs28 \cf0 What time is good?
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:19:34\

\fs28 \cf0 Let me just\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:19:39\

\fs28 \cf0 Wait a second, it doesn't make sense, right? So calendar.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:19:45\

\fs28 \cf0 I have nothing on Friday.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:19:47\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay, I'll send you a link.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:19:53\

\fs28 \cf0 Preferably, preferably\'97
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:19:58\

\fs28 \cf0 11-3.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:20:00\

\fs28 \cf0 Because I like to get on people's nerves in the morning, you know, before the weekend and touching base with the banks.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:20:09\

\fs28 \cf0 Let's say from 11 will be great.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:20:12\

\fs28 \cf0 From 11.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:20:13\

\fs28 \cf0 From 11 will be great.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:20:14\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay, so let's try. I'll send you something for later.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:20:18\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay.
\f0\b Eugene
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:20:19\

\fs28 \cf0 Let me see here. Okay, let me send it to you. I've got to jump on another call at 12 right now, so I'll send it to you and then you can book in the time that works because I'm also pretty flexible on Friday. And then we'll catch up later.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:20:28\

\fs28 \cf0 Okay.
\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
01:20:38\

\fs28 \cf0 Let's do it. And I'll also sort out my mind and my ideas because right now I'm like}