{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 00:00 So, just a couple housekeeping things 00:01 first before we get into the curriculum 00:03 itself. First, welcome. Thank you guys 00:05 so much for joining. I put a ton of time 00:07 into making this like the best short 00:10 form hooks training workshop ever built 00:13 from what I've seen. So, I'm really 00:15 excited to take you guys through 00:16 everything. Um, a few things. The first 00:18 one is the objective. Just to remind 00:19 everyone, the goal of this is to be the 00:22 best full deep dive into short form 00:24 hooks. And really like my my goal by the 00:26 end of the session is that you guys will 00:28 have significantly upgraded your 00:30 understanding and approach to hooks and 00:33 also walk away with a system that helps 00:35 you write and build better hooks 00:37 automatically. So that's the goal. Just 00:39 keep that in mind as we go. We we 00:41 already mentioned this on the questions. 00:43 Feel free to ask the questions in the 00:44 Q&A and then elaborate on it in the 00:47 chat. Um like I said, most of them will 00:49 be answered throughout the material. I 00:51 have a section at the bottom where I've 00:52 written the answers to a bunch of them 00:53 as well. Um, but for those that aren't, 00:55 we'll be able to curate those and if we 00:56 have time at the end, we'll dive into 00:58 it. Um, and then the the next piece on 01:01 the recording, I know I mentioned this 01:02 already a couple times, but for those 01:03 who've just joined, all of this will be 01:05 recorded and you'll get this full doc as 01:09 well as the hook database that I'll show 01:11 you that I've built. You'll get all that 01:12 after the fact. Cool. So, just just one 01:16 note for everyone. I really recommend 01:18 everybody lock in for 90 minutes. Like 01:20 if possible, close all your other tabs, 01:24 minimize all the other windows if you 01:26 can, and like really focus. If you 01:28 invest the next 90 minutes of focus, I 01:30 guarantee it'll 10x your videos if you 01:32 take away from this. So do your best to 01:34 not multitask. 01:36 Um, cool. And then a few other things 01:38 for you guys. So, I'm not sure if 01:40 everyone has watched my other videos on 01:43 YouTube, but I have a bunch of other 01:45 videos on hooks, nowhere near as 01:47 in-depth as this, but if you want to 01:49 continue learning after this, I've got 01:52 four links to those videos for you. Um, 01:55 we'll link this and then people can can 01:57 uh watch them. Let me switch to this. If 02:00 you haven't ever seen my YouTube 02:02 channel, it's there's like a ton of free 02:04 stuff on here, playbooks, you know, 02:06 workshops, everything on here. So, these 02:08 videos are linked here, so make sure to 02:10 check that out. That's Callaway 02:12 Marketing on YouTube. Cool. We'll go 02:14 back to this. And then two other quick 02:16 things. The first one is sandcastles.ai. 02:18 If you haven't heard of sandcastle.ai, 02:20 this is the tool I'm building to 02:22 basically productize all the knowledge 02:24 and systems in my head around content 02:26 and create like an AI SAS tool that 02:29 allows you to make content faster. So 02:31 throughout this session, everything I 02:33 referenced, the workflows, the tips, the 02:36 systems, all of that is baked into the 02:38 sand castles already, which you can use 02:40 and it's good to go off the shelf. So 02:42 the the piece of sand castles that 02:45 already exists is script writing. And so 02:47 I wanted to show that really quickly. 02:49 Sand castles essentially is a three-step 02:51 process today to be able to write your 02:53 scripts. All you have to do is type in 02:54 the topic you want to write. We do the 02:57 research for you. We come up with an 02:59 outline for you and then we write the 03:02 script for you. I'll log back into it. 03:05 Um, that allows you to kind of get hooks 03:08 written automatically using this system 03:11 that I'm about to go through. So, for 03:13 everyone on this workshop, here's a 20% 03:15 off discount code for life. Hooks 03:17 workshop with the two zeros. If you guys 03:19 aren't already subscribed, everyone in 03:21 SFA has Sand Castles already for free, 03:22 but if you aren't already subscribed, 03:24 this is a great tool. We're also going 03:26 to be building a ton more into it around 03:28 ideas and helping you do research on the 03:30 hooks, which I'll go through. So, just 03:32 wanted to call that out. And the last 03:34 thing that I'll just briefly mention 03:36 now, Short Form Academy is the full 03:39 program that I've put together for 03:40 getting better with Short Form. Everyone 03:42 on the line from Short Form Academy gets 03:44 access to all these workshops for free. 03:46 Um, but really what Short Form Academy 03:48 is, it's an endto-end solve. So if you 03:50 look at this graphic below, when it 03:52 comes to videos, there's a lot that you 03:55 have to do in addition to hooks, right? 03:57 So there's channel positioning, content 03:58 strategy, idea mining, research, the 04:01 scripting, the recording, editing, 04:02 posting, how to grow, how to monetize. 04:05 There's a lot that comes in the full 04:07 umbrella of getting good with content. 04:10 Today, we're covering the hooks, but SFA 04:13 is a program fully built for all of 04:15 this. So the people in SFA are in here, 04:18 they know like this type of rigor with 04:22 all of the facets is what I is is how I 04:24 cover it. So just wanted to call this 04:25 out. SFA is really three things. It's 04:28 curriculum like what you're about to go 04:30 through today for hooks. It's group 04:32 coaching. So we have two weekly calls 04:35 with the full group. And then it's 04:36 one-on-one consulting with me. You get 04:38 two live one-on- ones with me where I 04:40 can go over the strategy. So, if you're 04:42 not currently in SFA and you think you 04:44 may want to join to upgrade your ability 04:47 to make short form videos, uh we have a 04:49 special offer here. It's only going to 04:51 be live during this call. At the end of 04:54 this call, one hour after this call, 04:56 we're shutting down the link. We're not 04:57 accepting anyone else. So, we're opening 04:59 enrollment just for people on this call. 05:01 Um you can check that out at 05:02 shortform.academy. 05:05 You'll have that link and uh we'll go 05:07 through it, but just wanted to call that 05:08 out as well. This is like one piece of 05:10 the full portfolio. 05:12 Cool. So, let's get into the curriculum. 05:17 This is the agenda for the day. We're 05:19 going to cover all of these things. If 05:20 we have time at the end, I'll answer any 05:22 questions we have put in the Q&A in the 05:25 meeting invite. So, the first thing is 05:27 we're going to quickly just touch on a 05:29 reminder of why hooks are so important. 05:32 Turns out hooks are even more important 05:34 than people think. We're just going to 05:35 go over that quickly. The first big 05:37 piece is around the building blocks of 05:39 hooks. So there's really four components 05:42 that make up hooks, not just one, the 05:45 spoken. Most people think when they 05:46 think hook, they think of like what's 05:47 being said. That's only one of four 05:49 components. So we're going to talk about 05:50 the four components and how to maximize 05:52 alignment of those components. Then 05:55 we're going to walk through base 05:56 psychology of a viewer when they're 05:59 consuming a video. How do we actually 06:01 engineer addictive hooks to take 06:04 advantage of that psychology? We're 06:05 going to break that down. This is like 06:07 the full building blocks of actually the 06:10 the the raw DNA of what to do in hooks 06:13 to get it to get them to convert. Then 06:15 we're going to break down these two 06:16 things which are hook structures. So 06:19 like what are the different Lego bricks 06:21 that you could pull from for different 06:23 hooks. We're going to break all that 06:24 down and then what is the research 06:26 process that you can run to look at 06:28 other people that are winning in your 06:29 niche and try to dissect what they're 06:31 doing well. So I'm going to break those 06:33 two things down. Then I'm going to walk 06:35 through the full framework. So like this 06:37 is the check the 10-minute checklist 06:38 every time you make a video that you can 06:40 run through foolproof works for every 06:42 niche. And then this will allow you to 06:44 make sure that you have a winning hook 06:45 every single time. So I'm going to walk 06:47 through that framework. Lastly, I've 06:49 pulled 12 different sets of examples 06:52 from creators and brands across many 06:53 niches. One good hook, one bad hook from 06:56 each creator. We're going to go through 06:57 each of those examples and we're going 06:59 to break down why the good ones were 07:01 good and why the bad ones were bad to 07:02 give you more reps into seeing this 07:05 stuff in practice. So, it's kind of like 07:07 theory approach and then examples is how 07:10 we're going to do it. And again, like 07:12 I'm going to I'm going to try to rip 07:13 through all this so that we can get to 07:14 questions at the end. Anything we don't 07:16 get to, it'll be in the doc for everyone 07:18 and I've like fully written it out. 07:20 Cool. Before I keep going, uh, any 07:23 Melvin, are there any like pressing 07:25 questions in the Q&A or anything we need 07:27 to cover? Are we good to go? Uh, no. But 07:29 if you can give me I'm not able to um I 07:32 don't know if you have the hosting 07:34 ability. Like do I have that to go host? 07:37 I think you do, but let me let me give 07:39 it to you real quick. Double check. 07:40 Yeah. 07:47 Cool. While I'm doing this, everyone 07:48 just take a second, go to the Q&A, and 07:50 just drop in the one thing that you're 07:52 most excited for based on the uh the 07:55 walkthrough of the agenda that I just 07:57 went through. The chat, the Q&A's for Q 08:00 questions specifically. 08:02 Drop it in the chat. Doing 10 things at 08:04 once. Okay. Yeah, you're you should be 08:06 good as the as the co-host. Cool. All 08:08 right. Let's let's dive into the first 08:10 part. So, this is the the purpose like 08:12 why hooks are more important than you 08:14 think. All right. So just to level set 08:16 with everyone, what is a hook, right? 08:18 The hook is the first two to six seconds 08:20 of a short form video. We all know this. 08:23 During the hook, the viewer is rapidly 08:25 absorbing context. The visuals, the text 08:29 on screen, and the audio that they're 08:31 hearing, both the spoken words, and the 08:33 music and sound effects. They're rapidly 08:34 absorbing that context. And really what 08:36 the viewer is doing is they're deciding 08:39 whether or not they should opt in to 08:41 continue watching the video. So, I'm 08:43 going to say this many times throughout 08:44 this workshop. The only goal of the hook 08:47 is to get somebody to opt in to keep 08:49 going. That's all you have to do. If you 08:51 had a 100% hit rate, 100 people start 08:53 watching the video and 100 opt in past 08:55 the hook, that's the best you can 08:57 possibly do. That's all we're trying to 08:58 do is get them to opt in. Okay. Now, why 09:01 why are hooks so critical? There's three 09:04 I have four reasons here, but really 09:06 there's three reasons. The first one is 09:08 just basic funnel math, right? So the 09:11 absolute instant that someone churns off 09:13 your video, nothing else that comes 09:15 after that hook matter or comes after 09:17 that point matters. So if you have a 55 09:19 second video and the person churns at 30 09:22 seconds, then that last 25 seconds of 09:24 that video might as well have been a 09:26 black screen, right? They're never going 09:27 to see it. And so any work, any time 09:29 spent after they churn is actually 09:32 worthless once they turn, right? Might 09:34 as well be a black screen. If you make a 09:35 55 second video and they turn after 4 09:37 seconds, the last 51 seconds means 09:40 nothing, right? And so because of this, 09:43 the hook, which is the first two to six 09:45 seconds, matters exponentially more than 09:47 the rest of the video. It matters so 09:49 much because if they churn there, the 09:51 rest doesn't matter. So that's number 09:52 one. Everyone understands that. Number 09:54 two is about the bridge to trust, right? 09:56 Everybody on this line is a business 09:58 owner. They're trying to acrue trust to 10:00 them which they can eventually build 10:02 build that trust and then monetize to 10:03 your products and services. So as a 10:05 business owner, your primary goal is to 10:08 build onetoone trust at scale. If you 10:10 make a piece of content and a 100,000 10:12 people trust you based on that one piece 10:14 of content, it was considered solid, 10:16 right? You're trying to build that trust 10:17 at scale. So hooks are essentially the 10:21 bridge that gets a viewer to watch that 10:24 piece of content and build the trust. If 10:27 the viewer never crosses that bridge, 10:29 zero trust is built. Right? So that's 10:31 number two. You're trying to build trust 10:32 at scale and you really cannot build 10:34 trust unless they watch the video with 10:35 context and with watch the content you 10:38 make. They're never going to watch it if 10:39 they bounce on the hook. The third piece 10:41 which I think is the most underrated 10:43 piece to be honest is that in short form 10:46 hooks are both the headline and the 10:48 intro wrapped into one. So all other 10:51 forms of content, YouTube videos, blog 10:54 posts, emails, they all have headlines, 10:57 titles, subject lines, and so the viewer 10:59 is actually opting in to want to consume 11:02 the piece based on that teaser, right? A 11:05 hook is different in that it is fed on 11:07 the feed to someone. they don't get a 11:09 choice whether they're opting in or not, 11:11 which means it's it's good because more 11:13 people will will start consuming it than 11:17 maybe some of these other formats, but 11:18 it's also it means the hook has that 11:20 much more risk because someone has to be 11:22 able to contextualize what's coming and 11:24 then decide to keep going. So that's 11:27 kind of this these two pieces like 11:28 choice verse reflex. So for these three 11:31 reasons, the pure math, the fact that 11:33 all you need is trust and hooks are the 11:35 barrier and that there really is no way 11:38 to opt in other than to watch the hook. 11:40 The hook is, you know, I wrote it down 11:43 here. No matter how important you think 11:45 hooks are, they're more important than 11:47 that, right? So you should be spending 11:49 30 to 40% of your total video time on 11:52 the hook until you feel like you have a 11:54 system where you can churn them out 11:56 well. And hopefully like by the end of 11:58 the session you have that system. I just 12:00 wanted to reiterate like that's how 12:01 important the hooks are. All right, 12:03 let's get into the meat of the meat of 12:05 it. So the second section like I said 12:07 was about building blocks, the four hook 12:09 components and how to maximize the 12:11 alignment of those components. So in 12:13 this section I'm going to break down 12:15 those components and then I'm going to 12:16 talk about what alignment really looks 12:18 like and how to optimize for it. Okay, 12:21 so here's a common misconception. 12:24 When most people hear the word hook, the 12:26 only thing they think about is the 12:29 written words on the script that they 12:31 speak, you know, verbally, right? But 12:34 this is called the spoken hook. This is 12:36 only one of four different components 12:38 that combine together to create the full 12:40 hook. These are the four components. 12:43 There's the text hook, which is what you 12:45 write on the screen. There's the visual 12:48 hook, which is the graphics that you 12:49 show, or like if it's you as the 12:51 creator, you're the visual. There's the 12:53 spoken hook, which is what I said. 12:54 That's what you say verbally. And then 12:56 there's the audio hook, which is any 12:59 audio that's non-spoken. So, music or 13:01 sound effects. These four things combine 13:04 together to make the full hook, right? 13:07 Alignment of those things is critical. 13:09 So, here's what here's why it's so 13:11 important to understand these 13:12 components. 13:14 People when they watch videos can read 13:16 and visually absorb faster than they can 13:19 hear. So, if you think about it, when 13:20 you scroll, you pull up a video, 13:22 immediately your eyes are taking in 13:24 information and you're trying to assess 13:26 what's going on. Then your ears catch up 13:29 and you hear the words being said and 13:31 you're processing, is what I'm hearing 13:33 matching what's on the screen and is 13:35 that for me? Then once you hear it, your 13:37 eyes go back to the visual and you're 13:39 trying to say, okay, is this what I 13:41 thought it was or not? This is the 13:43 process that the brain goes through 13:44 subconsciously. It's visual to spoken, 13:47 back to visual. This is the order that 13:49 people actually consume in the 13:51 subconscious. So the key is, and we'll 13:54 get to this, the secret to winning with 13:56 hooks is max alignment. You have to have 13:59 the visuals, the text on screen, and the 14:02 spoken words align so that when people 14:05 do that visual to spoken to visual, they 14:07 get the same consistent comprehension. 14:10 So this is a really critical piece is 14:12 max alignment. I'm going to talk about 14:14 that a lot as we go. Cool. Let's keep 14:17 going. So, the difference between 500 14:20 and 500,000 views is achieving this max 14:23 alignment. And this this is kind of the 14:25 crux of the reason why if I say 14:28 something verbally, but the visual I 14:30 show is different than what I say, then 14:34 those elements are misaligned and the 14:36 viewer's brain cannot comprehend what 14:38 they're hearing or what they're seeing. 14:40 It's confusing. And when there's 14:41 confusion, comprehension goes down. This 14:44 is called comprehension loss. So if you 14:47 imagine the chart of a short form video 14:50 is like that decay curve right away in 14:52 the hook it drops steeply down and then 14:54 it kind of levels out. So what's 14:56 happening is people are confused 15:00 and they're dropping as that confusion 15:02 happens because they're like you know 15:03 nobody wants to be confused. They're 15:04 scrolling. They're scrolling. They're 15:05 like I don't know what's going on. They 15:06 bounce. So your goal is to make sure the 15:10 hook eliminates confusion, increases 15:13 comprehension. And the way to do that is 15:15 by aligning I always go like this. 15:16 Aligning the visuals with the text with 15:18 the with the the visuals with the text 15:20 with the audio spoken. Right? So we have 15:23 to minimize confusion. It's very 15:25 critical. Now I'm going to pull up in 15:27 order to play the audio. I have to like 15:28 switch the tab every time. So if I'm not 15:30 playing the tab I'm talking about just 15:31 just let me know. I've got a bunch of 15:33 tabs up top. I'm going to start 15:34 switching with the examples. I'm going 15:35 to pull up two examples. These are both 15:37 from me. As we go we'll have examples 15:39 from other creators, but I just wanted 15:41 to start with mine. The first example is 15:44 going to be a a video that got 14 15:46 million views which has really good 15:48 alignment. The second example is one 15:50 with bad alignment that only got 40,000 15:53 views. I'm going to explain why, but let 15:54 me just show you quickly. So this is the 15:57 first one. Let me just play the hook for 15:59 everyone here. And what I want you to do 16:01 is watch the full totality of the hook. 16:05 What I'm saying, listen to what I'm 16:06 saying. Watch the visuals and then look 16:08 at read the text on the screen and ask 16:10 yourself, is it clear what's going on 16:13 and are these aligned or not? All right, 16:15 let me play this. And check this out. 16:17 These are called life-size floor plans. 16:19 You can literally walk through your 16:20 exact home design before you build it. 16:23 And I think this is the future of how 16:25 people are going to build their homes. 16:26 Now, okay, so just that. So in the chat, 16:30 I want you to write right now, do you 16:32 feel like how well do you feel like that 16:34 was aligned? Like was it clear? Was 16:35 there anything unclear like drop your 16:37 thoughts in the chat right now and I'm 16:39 going to break down kind of my 16:41 assessment of why this worked so well 16:43 from a hook component perspective. 16:46 Right? So 16:47 this is this is the life-size floor plan 16:49 video, right? So what was the spoken 16:51 hook? I said these are called life-size 16:53 floor plans. You can literally walk 16:54 through your exact home design before 16:56 you build it. Okay. The visual hook was 16:59 showing clips of people walking through 17:00 the floor plans of their home. The text 17:03 hook, I said future of home design and 17:05 then I said life-size floor plans. The 17:07 audio hook was just chill music, nothing 17:09 crazy. So, what is the assessment here? 17:11 The assessment is the text and the 17:13 visuals, the images of the floor plans 17:16 and the text. It literally says life-siz 17:18 floor plans. Those perfectly aligned 17:20 with what I was saying in the hook. And 17:22 so, it deepened this rabbit hole. We'll 17:24 get to the like curiosity loop. We'll 17:25 get to that in a second. But it deepened 17:27 the curiosity in your mind because you 17:29 were clear. So, you were like, "Oh, wow. 17:31 This is interesting. Walking through the 17:32 floor plans. I wonder what this is, how 17:35 I could get it, how much it cost. Like 17:36 you start opening these loops in your 17:37 mind of curiosity. But the reason you're 17:39 able to open those loops is because you 17:41 were clear. Now let's watch an example 17:42 of one that I made that I think was less 17:45 clear. Okay, so let me switch to this 17:47 one. Let's watch this one in the same 17:49 way. Check this out. This company is 17:51 sending shipping containers into space. 17:53 But here's the crazy part. They're not 17:55 using rockets. Instead, they're building 17:57 a space cannon to shoot them into orbit. 18:00 It's insane. the couple. All right. So, 18:01 we'll stop right there. So, similarly, I 18:04 want you to write in the chat, 18:06 were you as clear on this? Obviously, 18:09 I'm kind of leading the witness here, 18:10 like this was the worst of the two, but 18:12 like were you were you clear on this 18:14 one? And what if not, why were you 18:17 unclear? Right, everyone write in the 18:19 chat for a second before I switch back. 18:26 Cool. So, let me explain why this was 18:28 less clear. Obviously, when I made that 18:30 video, I knew this less and so I would 18:32 have fixed this if I knew it. But this 18:34 is so this video was about the longshot 18:36 thing. Basically, this company is 18:37 building a cannon that's going to shoot 18:38 stuff into space. Pretty pretty 18:40 interesting. So, the spoken hook was 18:41 this. This company is sending shipping 18:43 containers into space. But here's the 18:45 crazy part. They're not using rockets. 18:46 Instead, they're building a space cannon 18:48 to shoot them into orbit. Okay, so the 18:50 that was the spoken the visual hook was 18:52 me showing clips of space shuttles in 18:54 space and then a homemade PVC pipe 18:56 cannon. That was like that last thing. 18:58 The text hook, space cannons are 19:00 awesome. Now, why did this not work? It 19:03 didn't work because my spoken hook 19:05 talked about sending shipping 19:06 containers, but the visuals showed 19:09 rockets and space shuttles. So, that's a 19:12 slight disconnect. Then the text said 19:14 space cannons, but I didn't really show 19:15 a space cannon. I showed some random 19:17 pipe thing in a garage. So, the problem 19:19 is I didn't have the best visuals to 19:21 visualize what I was saying. I should 19:22 have changed my words, but because I 19:23 didn't, it was kind of confusing as you 19:26 watch it. That slight amount of 19:28 confusion makes you wonder what is this 19:31 instead of the curiosity that I want you 19:33 to feel which is like what's going to 19:35 happen with the cannon etc etc right so 19:37 this is an example of poor alignment and 19:39 because it had poor alignment that's why 19:41 it didn't have as many views because way 19:43 more people dropped off during the hook 19:45 so these are this is just a quick 19:46 example to illustrate the importance of 19:49 alignment and how it shows up now we'll 19:50 talk a lot more about alignment as we go 19:52 through the examples later but I I just 19:54 wanted to share a couple like as as we 19:56 talk about it. So what are the takeaways 19:59 on this this section? 20:01 The first one is you need to think about 20:04 your hooks cohesively from the 20:06 beginning. As you write your spoken 20:08 hook, do you have a sense for what the 20:10 text and the visual hook should be that 20:13 would best align with those words? If 20:15 you don't have a sense for that and 20:17 you're trying to like throw it together 20:18 at the end, there's a good chance you're 20:19 going to end up with a misaligned hook 20:21 that is just suboptimal. So that's 20:23 takeaway number one. Takeaway number two 20:26 is in section six, which is the 20:29 framework, the checklist, I'm going to 20:31 break down the exact tactics for how to 20:33 gut check if you have the alignment or 20:35 not. So, for now, just keep in mind, I 20:38 want everyone to so far to just in their 20:39 mind be like, "Okay, there's four 20:40 components, not one. Text, audio, vis uh 20:44 spoken, and visual. Four components. And 20:47 I need them to be aligned." So far, like 20:49 those are the seeds that should be in 20:50 your brain. Okay, let's keep going. Now, 20:53 this section is around psychology, and I 20:55 think this this will be the DNA shift 21:00 that changes how you approach 21:01 everything. So, I really want everyone 21:02 to lock in on this this section. This 21:04 will probably be like 20 minutes, but I 21:06 I really want people to focus on this. 21:08 So, in this section, I'm going to 21:09 overview the viewer psychology as they 21:12 consume the video and then explain how 21:14 we can use that psychology to better 21:16 engineer hooks. Okay. So, as I mentioned 21:19 before, the only job of the hook is to 21:21 make sure the viewer opts in and keeps 21:23 watching. That's all we have to do. Now, 21:26 before I say, how do we get them to opt 21:28 in really quickly because this is a 21:30 common thing that comes up. Education 21:32 versus entertainment content. This is 21:34 the thing you have to understand. All 21:36 viewers are subconsciously seeking value 21:39 when they're watching videos. Every 21:40 single person wants value. That's why 21:42 they go, that's why they get the 21:43 dopamine hit. That's why they go and 21:45 scroll. Everyone wants value. Value can 21:47 come in two forms. Either educational 21:49 value, which is usefulness, right? So 21:52 education is typically a tactical piece 21:55 of information, a tip, a framework, a 21:57 case study, a resource that gives value 22:00 by solving a painoint to unlock some 22:02 desire. Right? So an example of an 22:04 educational value would be I watch this 22:06 video about taxes and it gives me a 22:08 helpful resource for saving money by 22:10 deducting my business expenses in some 22:12 way. Okay, we're all clear on that. Like 22:13 that's educational content. Now a lot of 22:16 people think entertainment content is no 22:17 value. That's not true. Entertainment 22:19 content the value is interest. It's 22:22 interesting. Right? So entertainment 22:24 content is a story that gives you value 22:26 by creating an emotional response 22:28 against some interest. So for example, I 22:30 watched this video about a murder 22:32 mystery and it created some shocking or 22:34 suspenseful emotional roller coaster. 22:36 Right? So 22:38 you get value on both. And the reason I 22:40 call this out is because depending on 22:42 what type of regardless of what type of 22:44 content you're making, educational, 22:45 entertainment, the goal is you need the 22:48 hook to indicate the incoming value. The 22:52 point of this session is not to debate 22:54 whether your content strategy should be 22:55 to make educational entertainment. 22:57 That's for some other workshop. But 22:58 ideally, 23:00 you need to make sure that the the 23:03 psychology triggers the value. And the 23:05 beauty is people cannot outrun their 23:08 psychology. the same psychology triggers 23:10 work for education and entertainment 23:12 content. So, I just want to set the 23:13 stage there. That's a common question we 23:15 got in the pre kind of the prefield. A 23:17 lot of people were saying, can you talk 23:18 about hooks different from education 23:20 entertainment? There's a ton of 23:21 differences, but the psychology is the 23:23 same. So, that's why I wanted to call 23:24 that out. Okay, so let's keep going. 23:27 This is really the to me like the magnum 23:29 opus of the whole thing. To get a hook 23:32 to hook the viewer, all you have to do 23:35 is create an ontarget curiosity loop. 23:39 Right? Everyone who's taking notes right 23:41 now, write this down. Ontarget curiosity 23:43 loop. That's the that's all you have to 23:45 do. So, what does that mean? On target 23:48 means that the topic covered in the 23:51 video is of interest, is relevant to the 23:54 viewer. It's like on target to their 23:56 interest set. Okay, that's on target. 23:58 Curiosity loop is there is some intrigue 24:03 that is created in the viewer's mind. 24:04 Typically like an unanswered question, 24:07 right? And the reason people call it a 24:08 loop is because there's this circular 24:11 loop that curiosity creates. You a 24:13 question pops in your mind, you get a 24:14 little bit more information that answers 24:16 some of it, but then a new question 24:17 pops, more information, new question, 24:19 more information, and it loops you down 24:21 this like curiosity rabbit hole. So all 24:24 all the hook really has to do is build 24:26 an ontarget curiosity loop. If you 24:29 accomplish these two things, they're 24:30 hooked guaranteed at the base psychology 24:33 level. And for everyone watching that's 24:35 like that's thinking this is 24:37 interesting, but it's like very 24:38 theoretical. This is on purpose. I'm 24:40 trying to go through the psychology and 24:42 the theoretical building blocks. We'll 24:43 get through a ton of examples in a 24:45 second where you can see this actually 24:46 making sense, but it the light bulb goes 24:48 on once you understand the the building 24:50 blocks. All right. So, on target 24:52 curiosity loop. Okay, let's keep going. 24:54 In layman's terms, what does this really 24:55 mean? If the viewer is certain the video 24:58 is about something they care about and 25:00 the hook opens an unanswered question or 25:03 point of curiosity in their mind, 25:04 they're going to stick around to keep 25:06 watching. On target, curiosity loop. 25:09 Okay, perfect. Now, let's break down 25:11 each of those components and like what 25:12 how you actually engineer ontarget and 25:15 curiosity loop. Okay, so let's talk 25:17 about ontarget. This is the easier of 25:19 the two to be honest. 25:21 So, when you're thinking about how do I 25:23 make sure my hooks are on target, the 25:25 question you should be asking yourself 25:26 is this. How do I ensure that we are 25:30 properly communicating what the video is 25:32 about so the viewer can assess if it's 25:35 on target for them or not? Right? It 25:38 sounds stupidly simple, but the viewer 25:40 has to be clear what the video is about. 25:42 If you don't make that clear, they don't 25:44 know if it's for them and they're 25:46 confused. They will bounce. So, when it 25:48 comes to like the viewers's 25:50 understanding of whether or not it's on 25:52 target, there really only three paths. 25:54 Either yes, they are clear that it's on 25:56 target and they're going to stay. No, 25:59 they're clear but it's offtarget so 26:00 they're going to bounce. That's fine. 26:01 They wouldn't have been interested 26:02 anyway. Or it was unclear or confusing. 26:06 We just we didn't make it clear what the 26:08 topic was about to be and so they bounce 26:11 because they don't want to be confused. 26:12 This is the worst case scenario when 26:14 they're confused because they it may 26:15 have been for them, right? So, how do we 26:19 make our hooks so that we can 26:20 communicate what the video is about so 26:23 that they can judge if it's on target? 26:25 How do we do that? The way we do that is 26:27 with a combination of rapid context, 26:30 clarity, 26:33 and comprehension. These things, and I'm 26:35 going to explain this. These are kind of 26:36 like the terms, the building blocks to 26:38 build this up. So, 26:40 in order for a viewer to understand if 26:42 this video is about a topic they care 26:45 about, you need to tell or show them 26:48 what the video is about as soon as 26:50 possible. Again, sounds stupidly simple, 26:52 but so many hooks don't do this. This is 26:54 rapid context. You got to tell them 26:56 what's coming or they won't know if they 26:59 should stay, right? It's really 27:00 critical. I recommend communicating this 27:03 rapid context in the first sentence. So, 27:05 let's just break down two. This will 27:07 make it really real for people. Let's 27:08 make let's break down two examples and 27:10 show why this is so critical. The first 27:12 example is this. Imagine I had a video 27:14 where the spoken hook was this. Guys, 27:16 this story blew my mind. You're never 27:18 going to believe this. And on screen I 27:20 had the text crazy story and big bold. 27:22 It I'm not a girl in this case, but like 27:24 let's say it was a girl on screen and I 27:26 was like talking in the she was talking 27:28 in the bedroom like in her just on her 27:30 bed just talking. Imagine that was the 27:32 hook. 27:34 If that is the hook and this is your 27:36 first sentence, guys, this story blew my 27:38 mind. You're never going to believe 27:39 this. You are betting the entire hook, 27:43 the entire video really on the viewers's 27:46 interest in opting in because of the 27:48 messenger, in this case, the girl or me. 27:50 And the reason why you're betting on 27:52 that is because you don't know what 27:54 she's talking about. Guys, this story, 27:56 you're never going to believe this. 27:57 Could be anything. It could be about any 27:58 topic. And so she, in this case, she is 28:01 delaying the clarity of the topic to at 28:04 least sentence number two, if not later. 28:07 That's a huge mistake because the only 28:09 people that will stay are people that 28:10 are interested in whatever the like her, 28:12 maybe they know who she is, right? It's 28:14 it's a much smaller pan. Contrast that 28:16 with something like this. Imagine if 28:18 your spoken hook was this. If your skin 28:20 looks like this in your 30s, you might 28:22 have a problem. And then the text hook 28:24 was skin tips for 30-year-olds. And the 28:27 visual hook was the same girl on the 28:28 screen, but this time she's leaning into 28:30 the camera. She's like pointing to some 28:32 skin thing or like acne on her cheek. 28:33 Imag imagine that hook. Now, that works 28:36 way better because in this case, just 28:38 after the first sentence, you can 28:40 immediately assess the topic of this 28:42 video is about skin health for people in 28:45 their 30s. So, right away, you have more 28:47 information to decide if you want to 28:49 stay. Now, if you don't care about skin 28:50 health, you're going to bounce. But, you 28:52 would have bounced either way. at least 28:53 now, if you do care about it, you can 28:55 decide to stay. And so, this is kind of 28:58 what is a great example to illustrate 29:00 the importance of rapid context and 29:02 helping someone assess if the video is 29:04 on target for them quicker. So, that's 29:06 one component of the ontarget thing, 29:08 rapid context. That's honestly the 29:10 biggest component. Now, let's keep 29:12 going. While context is what we say, 29:15 comprehension is how effective the words 29:19 and the visuals were at communicating 29:21 the point we were actually trying to 29:23 make. So again, this sounds really 29:25 simple, but like did the viewer 29:28 understand the words you're saying? Like 29:30 so far I've been going for 30 minutes 29:32 and my job is to make you help you 29:35 understand comprehend what I'm saying. 29:37 If if you're sitting there and you're 29:38 like, I have no clue what he's saying. 29:39 Then my comp like you're not 29:41 comprehending me and I'm not doing my 29:42 job. Hooks are doing the same thing in 29:45 one sentence, you need to make sure they 29:47 understand the words being said. Now, 29:49 the way you get them to understand is by 29:51 using fewer words, which is called 29:53 distillation, 29:55 simpler words, and clearer words, which 29:58 is called clarity. Those things go 30:00 together in maximizing comprehension. 30:03 The biggest reason why viewers fail to 30:05 assess if a video is on target for them 30:07 essentially because they're confused is 30:09 when they misunderstand the words you're 30:11 saying or the alignment of those words 30:14 with the visuals don't make sense. 30:16 Because when you're looking at a visual, 30:18 right, a picture is worth a thousand 30:19 words. A video is worth a thousand 30:20 pictures. When you're looking at a 30:22 visual, you're trying to comprehend what 30:24 the visual is saying. So, you're going 30:26 to extract some comprehension. When you 30:27 hear what I say, you're going to extract 30:29 some comprehension. If you're not clear 30:30 what that is and though or those don't 30:32 align, they're confused. Right? So, it's 30:35 really critical that you increase 30:36 comprehension. And I'm again, I'm going 30:38 to go through like tactical tip by tip 30:40 in the checklist for how to do that, but 30:42 just understand like they have to 30:43 understand what you're saying. The next 30:46 part is this. Uh, and this this is 30:48 actually like a really helpful tactical 30:50 tip. Another way to make the video to 30:52 make the hook feel on target for someone 30:54 is direct relatability. And this means 30:58 using the words you and your instead of 31:01 the words me, my, or I. So when you say 31:05 you, like if you have skin problems, 31:08 you're speaking directly to the viewer. 31:11 It's impossible for them to 31:13 misunderstand if it's for them if you're 31:15 saying it's for them. However, if you 31:17 say I, like I had a bunch of skin 31:19 problems in my 20s, they then have to 31:22 pause and guess will I am I do I see 31:25 myself in the creator? Will I have those 31:27 same problems or not? It's a slight 31:30 pause that could cause a lack of 31:31 comprehension. So, this you your verse 31:34 me my me my eye is a really great way to 31:38 help people opt in 31:40 to say that the video is on target for 31:42 them, right? Because if the viewer 31:45 doesn't feel like the topic is for them, 31:47 they're going to bounce. And this is a 31:49 really important point. We don't get to 31:51 decide what the viewer is interested in. 31:52 We can only communicate clear enough for 31:54 them to decide if our video is in that 31:57 subset. That's how you have to think 31:58 about as long as it's clear, you did 32:00 your job. And so what are the what are 32:03 the tactical the walk away tactics for 32:05 this first half? The on remember 32:07 ontarget curiosity loop. So this is all 32:08 in the onarget part. What are the 32:10 walkway tactics? A, use short and simple 32:14 words that increase clarity. Sixth grade 32:16 reading level, don't use big words. Use 32:18 simple words that everyone can 32:19 understand. Number two, use the minimum 32:22 amount of words to increase the 32:23 distillation. The fewer words they have 32:26 to navigate through to get the meaning, 32:28 the better. So, try to make it distilled 32:30 and as as minimum minimal as possible. 32:33 Number three, use you or your instead of 32:36 me and my to increase the relevance and 32:38 relatability immediately. Number four, 32:41 and this is kind of the first point, say 32:43 what the video is about directly by 32:45 giving rapid context in the first 32:47 sentence. Don't mess around with fluff 32:49 that is not on topic and doesn't give 32:52 context because they won't be able to 32:53 opt in. So, your goal is to do 32:56 everything you can to increase the 32:58 overall comprehension of the words. And 33:01 and and this is a great check, right? If 33:03 you read the first one to two sentences 33:05 of your script and you and you you 33:08 think, "Oh, that could kind of be taken 33:10 like multiple ways. I hope they don't 33:11 misunderstand it." If you feel that, 33:13 rewrite it to close all of those wrong 33:16 paths so there's only one path, right? 33:18 You want you want stupidly clear 33:20 comprehension is is the goal. 33:22 Unmistakable clarity. One more example 33:25 in this section before we move on. Which 33:27 of these two hooks is clearer? Option 33:30 one is this. I got tons of new customers 33:33 when I improved my storytelling or if 33:36 you want to improve your storytelling, 33:37 these three guides are a gold mine. 33:39 Which of those two is clearer and and 33:42 really and better? You may think option 33:44 one is better because it's shorter and 33:47 it references proof, right? It's like I 33:49 got tons of customers when I did this 33:50 thing. So, you're like, "Oh, it's proof. 33:51 It's good." But the there there's two 33:53 problems with it. First, I have to 33:56 decide if the view as the viewer, if I 33:59 see myself in the creator and if the 34:01 customers they got are similar to the 34:03 customers I got and if the tactics they 34:05 used are similar to what I used. And I'm 34:07 constantly running through those 34:08 questions in my mind as I'm listening to 34:10 the video, which is a problem. That's 34:12 distracting me from comprehension. The 34:13 second thing is this sentence in a 34:16 vacuum could be comprehended in multiple 34:17 ways, right? I could say, is the next 34:20 thing going to be about storytelling or 34:23 is it going to be about a story that for 34:24 how they use those tips? I'm not sure. 34:26 And and again, I'm pausing. I'm 34:28 potentially confused. When they're 34:29 pausing, it's a problem. Compare this 34:31 with the second option, which is much 34:32 harder to misunderstand because it feels 34:35 like it's for me. If you want to improve 34:37 your storytelling, these three guides 34:39 are a gold mine. I'm extremely clear. 34:41 This is about improving storytelling and 34:42 getting guides to do it, and it's for 34:45 me. So, it's it's slightly more words, 34:49 right? But it's way clearer and harder 34:50 to misunderstand. So, that's an example 34:53 of uh the kind of like rapid context and 34:56 on target. Okay. Now, before I go on, 34:58 because I'm just going to grab a sip of 34:59 water right here. Put in the chat out of 35:02 10, how clear are you on the on target 35:05 thing? Is everyone Is everyone good and 35:07 clear about what what I mean when I say 35:09 on target? 35:13 Good. Nice. Seeing a lot of tens. This 35:16 is great. Real time comprehension. Real 35:20 time comprehension. That's eating eating 35:22 the dog food as they say. Okay, let's 35:24 let's go to the next one. So the other 35:26 half is curiosity loops, right? 35:28 Remember? So it's on target curiosity 35:29 loop at this point. The viewer should be 35:32 clear what the topic is and they're 35:35 deciding that it's on target for them. 35:36 That's half the problem. The other half 35:39 though is getting them curious enough to 35:41 want to keep going. Right? It could be 35:43 on target, but if the video is not 35:44 interesting, they're not going to keep 35:45 watching. And so the question you need 35:47 to ask yourself here when you're making 35:49 your hooks, talking about curiosity 35:50 loops, is this. How do we ensure that we 35:54 that we will open a curiosity rabbit 35:57 hole for the viewer to go down? How can 35:58 we guarantee that they're curious about 36:00 this thing? That's the second half. 36:03 Okay. So, the best way to curate 36:05 curiosity or create curiosity is by 36:07 setting up contrast. This is the other 36:10 god tier frame. And I talked, if you've 36:13 watched a lot of my YouTube videos, 36:14 you've heard me mention contrast. I'm 36:15 going to explain it again here. Contrast 36:18 is the most powerful psychology concept 36:20 in all of content, right? And I'm going 36:21 to make it really simple. What is 36:23 contrast? Contrast is essentially the 36:26 distance between expectations and 36:28 reality. You believe A, I tell you B, 36:33 that distance is contrast. Right? So, 36:35 it's like everybody does this thing, but 36:37 actually the winners do this thing. 36:38 That's contrast. The bigger that 36:40 distance, the more contrast between what 36:42 you currently believe and some new 36:43 alternative, right? So, I just mentioned 36:46 this. Now, here's a few examples to 36:49 break down why contrast is so powerful 36:51 and kind of like how it makes sense in 36:53 the world of video. First, example 36:55 number one, imagine that I believe all 36:58 apples are red and so does everyone on 37:00 this call. Everyone believes apples are 37:01 red. But then I show you a purple apple. 37:04 the first one that anyone has ever seen. 37:06 Well, that purple apple is pretty 37:08 curiosityinducing. Like, that's pretty 37:10 interesting. And the reason why it's 37:12 interesting is because no one has ever 37:14 seen a purple apple, but they're all 37:15 comparing to all the red apples that 37:18 they've seen before. That's the 37:20 expectation versus reality. The contrast 37:22 between all red apples and a single 37:24 purple one is large. Now, if I show you 37:26 the thousandth purple apple, it's not 37:28 curiosityinducing anymore because 37:30 everyone's seen a purple apple. 37:31 Expectations is purple. Reality is 37:33 purple. there's no contrast. So, that's 37:35 one example. Here's example number two 37:37 that'll make more sense in the business 37:38 context. If I believe all CEOs wake up 37:41 at 4 a.m. to start working, but then I 37:44 meet one that says he or she wakes up at 37:46 noon every single day and they still 37:48 have a billion dollar company. Well, 37:50 that's pretty curiosityinducing. That's 37:51 pretty interesting to me. The fact that 37:53 this person wakes up at noon on its own 37:55 is not that interesting. But when 37:58 compared to my expectation, my current 38:01 belief that all CEOs wake up early and 38:04 then I found one where it violated that, 38:06 that distance is contrast. It's 38:08 comparing the two things. That's very 38:09 interesting. The last example of 38:11 contrast, if Prince Charming is in a 38:13 story and he's walking in the forest on 38:15 a horse, that's not very 38:17 curiosityinducing, but if a dragon comes 38:19 out of nowhere and starts attacking the 38:21 prince, all of a sudden things get 38:22 interesting. Why is that interesting? Is 38:24 the dragon attacking the prince on its 38:26 own interesting? Kind of. But what 38:28 really makes it interesting is the 38:30 change in state of going from walking 38:32 calmly to attacked ferociously. That is 38:36 expectation versus reality contrast. 38:39 Right? So contrast exists everywhere. 38:41 Once you know to look for it, everybody 38:43 who's a good storyteller is setting up 38:45 misdirection. They're saying A versus B, 38:48 B versus A. That distance is contrast. 38:50 The more contrast you have, the more 38:52 interesting something is, the more 38:53 curiosityinducing it becomes, right? So, 38:56 this this is a clear important concept 38:58 to understand. Now, how does how does 39:00 contrast actually show up in video 39:02 hooks, right? Like the Prince Charming 39:04 example is cute, but like how do we 39:06 actually turn this into hooks? There's 39:08 two types of ways you can actually write 39:10 contrast. There's stated contrast and 39:13 there's implied. I'll go through an 39:15 example for both. Stated is when you 39:18 state both A and B explicitly. You say 39:21 it. So, for example, imagine I had a 39:23 hook that was like this. If you want to 39:24 save money on your taxes, stop putting 39:27 money in your 401k. Instead, open a 39:30 smart yield harvest account. It's what 39:32 all the rich people are doing. Right? 39:33 So, in this case, the 401k is the common 39:36 belief. That's the expectation. What I'm 39:39 introducing, the contrarian reality is 39:42 the smart yield harvest account. So, I'm 39:44 stating A to get you leaning on A, then 39:47 I'm introducing B. When you hear that as 39:49 a viewer and and we've validated that 39:51 you care about saving money on taxes, 39:54 you freeze and you get interested and 39:56 curious because you're like, "Wait a 39:57 second. What I'm doing, there could be 39:59 something better. Let me stay and 40:01 listen." So, that's stated contrast. A 40:03 verse B. Now, the other way to do it, 40:06 which is a little bit smoother in my 40:08 opinion, is implied. And implied 40:11 contrast is where you say the contrarian 40:14 take and you imply 40:17 against the field of everything else 40:19 that it's different. Right? So for 40:20 example, what if I just said if you want 40:23 to save money on your taxes, use a smart 40:25 yield harvest account. This is the 40:27 biggest hack rich people are using. In 40:29 this case, I never stated the common 40:31 belief with the 401k other than to imply 40:34 that the common belief was everything 40:36 else except the smart yield account. And 40:39 this leaves the contrast comparison a 40:41 bit more up to the viewer. This way the 40:43 viewer in their own mind can be like, 40:45 "Oh, I've been doing 401ks. I've been 40:46 doing nothing. I they can fill in the 40:48 blank with what they've been doing as 40:49 long as it's not the contrarian thing. 40:51 There will be contrast and it will hook 40:53 them." So those are the two different 40:55 ways stated contrast or implied. And 40:57 again, I'm going to show you a bunch of 40:58 examples and break down where the 41:00 contrast comes in right now. But again, 41:03 building blocks. We're we're close. 41:05 We're getting to the end of the building 41:06 blocks piece. Um but but that's that's 41:08 how contrast works, right? So these are 41:11 the tactics, the summaries on the 41:13 curiosity loop piece. 41:16 Number one, figure out what the 41:18 contrarian take or the alternative 41:20 reality that you have on your topic that 41:23 other people don't have. This could be a 41:26 legitimately new piece of information 41:27 that you know that nobody knows, or it 41:29 could be some different angle that 41:30 you're taking that people haven't heard 41:32 before. You've got something new that 41:34 people haven't seen. The second thing is 41:36 you need to understand what is the 41:38 common baseline or the common 41:40 expectation that they already have. It's 41:43 tough to build the contrast if you don't 41:44 know what they already believe like what 41:45 the masses believe. So you need to kind 41:47 of have a sense for like okay I'm 41:49 talking about lighting tips. I believe 41:51 the lighting should be at 45 degrees and 41:53 up here. Everyone else believes the 41:54 light the light should be straight on. 41:56 Okay perfect. Now you know there's a 41:57 contrast there. So you can use that to 41:59 hook somebody. Right? The third piece is 42:02 you need to create the contrast between 42:04 those two things. Right? Right. So 42:06 that's the tactic. Now I want to go 42:07 through a couple examples and explain 42:09 just like we did for the other ones. I 42:10 want to explain this in practice. Okay. 42:13 So the first one is going to be an 42:14 example from me. The second one is going 42:16 to be example from somebody else. So 42:17 this is a tech video that I made and 42:20 it's about a headband that you can wear 42:23 and it will help you go to sleep faster. 42:26 Okay. So I want everyone to watch the 42:28 hook. Let me switch the tab. I want 42:30 everyone to watch the hook like you did 42:31 for the last one. And this time in your 42:33 mind, I want you to think, what is the 42:36 contrast that's being set up here, 42:38 right? And then I want you to write that 42:40 in the chat once you watch it. Okay? So, 42:41 let's play this. Check this out. This 42:43 headband is going to revolutionize the 42:45 way we sleep. It's called the LMI. And 42:47 the people that use it fall asleep way 42:49 faster than normal. It's pretty 42:52 Okay, I can play it one more time. Let 42:54 me play it one more time just in case 42:55 it's too fast. Check this out. This 42:56 headband is going to revolutionize the 42:58 way we sleep. It's called the LMI and 43:00 the people that use it fall asleep way 43:02 faster than normal. It's pretty crazy. 43:06 So, everybody put in the chat what you 43:08 think the contrast that I set up in 43:10 there. And it's subtle, right? Like it's 43:12 not as crazy as like whoa, purple apple, 43:14 red apple. It's not as crazy, but it but 43:16 it gets you subconsciously. So, write in 43:18 the chat. I'm going to switch back to 43:19 this. 43:22 Okay. So, let me break this down. So, 43:24 there's actually two contrasts in this, 43:26 which is which is cool. So, just for 43:28 everyone to see, the spoken hook that I 43:30 said was this, this headband is going to 43:32 revolutionize the way we sleep. It's 43:34 called the Elemind, and the people that 43:36 use it fall asleep way faster than 43:37 normal. Okay, the text hook was magical 43:40 sleep headband, and the visual hook was 43:42 the B-roll of people putting the 43:43 headband on and falling asleep. Okay, so 43:45 let's break this down. And I'm I'm both 43:47 going to talk about why is this on 43:48 target? Like, how did it get the viewer 43:50 to be believe it's on target? And then 43:52 the contrast. So, first the onarget 43:54 piece. In the very first line of the 43:57 hook, I was extremely clear to explain 43:59 that this video is about a headband that 44:01 would change the way you sleep. This 44:04 communicates to the viewer that the 44:05 video is going to reference both tech, 44:06 some headband thing, and sleep. So, if 44:09 you're interested in either tech andor 44:11 sleep, you could then opt in after just 44:13 one line. Rapid context, very clear, 44:16 hard to misunderstand. I also added the 44:18 magical sleep headband text hook to 44:21 further reinforce that. So that's 44:23 another example of like on target. 44:24 Pretty good first line. Pretty hard to 44:26 misunderstand that. Let's go into the 44:28 contrast. The first contrast is what I 44:31 did in the first line. So in the first 44:33 line I said revolutionize the way we 44:36 sleep. And this is an example of implied 44:39 contrast. The contrarian reality is that 44:43 there's some way to sleep better. And 44:45 the baseline expectation for everyone is 44:48 anything but that. Right? So like if you 44:50 have any problem sleeping at all, you're 44:52 like, whoa, there's going to be 44:52 something here. There's contrast there. 44:54 So that is an example of implied, very 44:56 subtle, but it works super well in 44:58 someone's brain because it triggers the 44:59 pain they already have. Now, the second 45:01 example of contrast, which I think is 45:03 more obvious, is the stated contrast. So 45:06 I I said that in the third line. So in 45:08 the third line, I directly I directly 45:10 created a huge contrast moment by saying 45:13 the people that use it fall asleep way 45:15 faster than normal. And what's the 45:17 stated contrast? I'm saying there's 45:18 people and they're slow to fall asleep 45:21 is the baseline. They're going to fall 45:23 asleep faster is the contrarian reality. 45:26 Contrast very clear and again like I'm 45:28 clear on the topic building the contrast 45:31 which makes you curious when you see 45:33 just this. If you have the problem of 45:35 not sleeping and you think there's a 45:36 solution that's different, you're 45:38 hooked, right? So that's the that's how 45:41 this first example works. The 45:42 combination of these contrasts plus the 45:45 topic clarity makes it almost impossible 45:47 for a viewer to not fully understand 45:49 what this video would be about and 45:51 curious enough to want to keep watching. 45:53 That video got 3.4 million views on 45:55 Instagram. So, that was a pretty good 45:56 example. Let's watch a second example 45:58 that's not me that is more educational, 46:01 business focused. So, this is from a guy 46:04 called Yasin. You may have seen this guy 46:06 before. Funny guy makes like content 46:09 about content stuff. So, I'm going to 46:12 play this one just like I did the last 46:14 one. And I want you to again, this one's 46:16 quicker, so it's more masterful, I'd 46:19 say. Did the whole thing in one line. 46:21 Watch this one. And then again, I want 46:23 people in the chat to write down what is 46:25 the contrast that he built to create the 46:28 curiosity. And how did he do that? Okay, 46:30 so I'll play this now. 46:35 If your ex looks like All right, one 46:37 more time. 46:40 steal these viral hooks. If your X looks 46:43 like Y, you're Okay, that was fast. 46:45 Like, it's very fast. So, hopefully the 46:48 the uh screen isn't or the audio is not 46:50 lagging, but let's explain people drop 46:54 in the chat. So, he said, "Steal these 46:55 viral hooks." Drop in the chat how it 46:58 created any contrast that would drive 47:00 curiosity for you to want to keep 47:02 watching. 47:08 And yeah, I also don't know why he's 47:10 singing, but it seemed to work. Okay, so 47:14 let's break this down. He said, "Steal 47:15 these viral hooks." He was singing on 47:17 the text hook. He had the words seven 47:20 viral hooks written on the whiteboard 47:22 before all the cardboard stuff. And then 47:24 the visual was him holding the 47:26 whiteboard with cardboard taped over the 47:28 words as he tears them off one by one. 47:30 So, let's break this down. This is a 47:31 really good example of achieving both 47:33 ontarget and contrast curiosity in just 47:37 four words in the same sentence. Very 47:38 good example of this. So on target, how 47:41 did he do this? By saying steal these 47:43 viral hooks, he's both communicating 47:45 there is something worth stealing and 47:47 that the video is about viral hooks for 47:49 content. So if you make content and you 47:51 want to write better hooks, this video 47:53 is probably going to help you. The text 47:55 hook also states seven viral hooks which 47:58 matches perfectly. Great alignment. So, 48:00 for an on-sarget perspective, you're 48:02 pretty clear the video is about hooks. 48:03 Great. Now, the contrast in this case, 48:06 he's using implied contrast. His 48:08 contrarian reality is that he has some 48:10 hooks that are proven because they've 48:12 gone viral. And the common baseline is 48:15 that you do not. So, the field is 48:18 nonvirality. The contrast, the 48:20 contrarian is he has some viral hook. 48:24 That builds subconscious contrast which 48:26 drives curiosity. It can be very subtle, 48:28 but that is the reason people stay. 48:31 Right? So, those are two examples 48:33 specifically related to this. Many more 48:35 examples later that we're going to get 48:36 to in a second, but just as a summary 48:38 for this section, to get a hook to hook 48:40 the viewer, you need to create an 48:42 ontarget curiosity loop. 48:45 On target, the topic you're covering is 48:47 of interest to the viewer. Curiosity 48:49 loop, they're intrigued by some 48:51 unanswered question in their mind. If 48:52 you plant the onarget curiosity loop in 48:55 their mind, it's going to hook them 48:56 every single time. Okay, so that wraps 48:59 the psychology building block section. 49:02 We're going to get more tactical now in 49:03 terms of examples. But before I go on 49:06 again, can I can people drop a what out 49:10 of 10 in terms of clarity do you feel do 49:12 you feel so far like in terms of 49:14 understanding what I've been saying? Can 49:15 can you guys drop a score? 49:21 Nice. 13.4. That's great. Okay, eight. 49:25 For the people that are dropping eight, 49:26 we definitely want to get that up to a 49:27 10. So, make sure to put your questions 49:30 for like if you had to distill your 49:32 confusion into one question, put that in 49:34 the Q&A so that we can see. I'm seeing 49:36 most tens. That's good. Okay, let's keep 49:39 going. So, the next section is around 49:42 hook structures. And this is this is 49:46 where content I kind of approach it like 49:48 a scientist instead of an artist, right? 49:50 So, an artist is kind of like watching 49:52 stuff and trying to like get a sense for 49:55 the vibe of what's going on. A scientist 49:56 is more like, let's break everything 49:58 down into variables. Let's stack those 49:59 variables together. Let's run 50:00 experiments. Let's use the data to 50:02 validate or unvalidate that combination. 50:05 So, what I've done here is I've built a 50:09 full hook database for everyone on this 50:12 call. I'll show you the database here. 50:15 Every single hook, and I'm I'll explain 50:17 how I did this, but every single hook 50:18 has the spoken hook, the framework, tags 50:21 around the structure, the visual hook, 50:23 the different aspects of the visual 50:25 hook, the text hook, the layout of the 50:26 text hook, the motion of the text hook, 50:28 every every link to the video, all the 50:30 niches, all the views, it has 50:33 everything. You will never find a better 50:34 hooks database more more comprehensive 50:36 than this. Now, why did I put this 50:38 together? I put this together because I 50:41 wanted to show that you can take every 50:44 winner and break it down into Lego 50:46 pieces, extract what was working for 50:48 those winners, and then try to rebuild 50:50 those Legos into a way that's different 50:52 where you remix off of the proven 50:54 winner. So, what I did there, and I'm 50:57 the next section after this, I'm going 50:58 to show you the research process I did. 51:00 So, I'll teach you guys how to do that. 51:01 So I to explain like how I pulled this 51:03 but every video in here is a top 15 51:08 video from the creator. So if you took 51:11 me I went and I found what are my top 15 51:13 videos what are the hooks of my top 15 51:15 videos and then are there patterns 51:17 right? So that's what I did and again 51:21 like this this is how I want you to 51:22 think of it. These four components 51:25 spoken visual audio text think of those 51:27 like big boxes. 51:29 In each box is a bunch of different Lego 51:32 pieces. You got the square ones, the 51:34 flat ones, the tall ones, whatever. Like 51:36 a bunch of different pieces. Every hook 51:38 is just one piece from each of those 51:40 boxes stacked to make a little a little 51:43 hook, right? Every single one of these 51:46 in the database has a different 51:47 combination of pieces. And so what I 51:49 wanted to do is break those pieces down, 51:52 like show give you an inventory of all 51:54 the different pieces so that you can 51:55 choose to stack them in different ways. 51:58 If you're new to content or you're 52:00 struggling, the easiest way to try to 52:03 get something that works is to replicate 52:05 and remix a proven winner in your space 52:07 that has already worked. So, in order to 52:09 get the proven winner and know what's 52:11 already worked, you have to break it 52:12 down into the pieces and build it back 52:14 up, right? So, let me just quickly 52:16 because I I know we're we're approaching 52:18 the top of the hour and I want to make 52:19 sure we get to the examples as well. And 52:21 I I I'll stay on this call as long as we 52:23 have to to go through, but I know people 52:24 might have a hard stop at 2:30. So, 52:28 Let me just let me just quickly breeze 52:29 through the components and everyone's 52:31 going to get the database so you can 52:32 look at it. The first box or the first 52:35 bucket is spoken hooks, right? So 52:37 there's really like eight different 52:39 types of spoken hooks that I found. 52:42 There's the fortune teller which is 52:45 building contrast comparing the present 52:46 to something in the future. It's like 52:48 based around future curiosity. There's 52:50 the experimentter which is like hey you 52:53 have a painoint I experimented with 52:55 something and found a solve. let me show 52:57 you. So, you're creating the curiosity 52:58 loop by like you have a pain that's 53:00 unsolved. I have a solve for you. 53:02 There's the educational or tutorial 53:05 structure which is like I'm going to 53:07 teach you how to do something. You're 53:08 building the curiosity through the same 53:10 thing. You have a painoint. It's 53:11 unsolved. I'm going to teach you 53:13 something. There's the secret reveal. I 53:16 just found something out that you didn't 53:17 know. Let me tell you about it. Contrast 53:19 is you didn't know. Now you know. 53:22 There's contrarian which is like I take 53:24 the opposite side. So I state a belief 53:28 that's negative or contrary. 53:31 There's comparison comparing comparing a 53:33 few things and then there's a question 53:34 hook where you pose a question. Now 53:37 the reason I breeze through these is 53:39 because a you can actually use any of 53:42 these for any topic, right? And and if 53:44 you look in the yellow, imagine I was 53:46 making videos about backpacks. Every 53:48 single one of these could work for a 53:50 backpack video. So for the fortune 53:52 teller, this backpack is going to change 53:54 how people hike in the future, comparing 53:55 present to future. For the 53:57 experimentation, you can pack more 53:59 hiking equipment in your backpack if you 54:01 just do this. So it's implying like I'm 54:02 going to go through a pack with me type 54:04 scenario. For the education tutorial, if 54:07 you want to fit more in your backpack, 54:08 you should use the 213 method. Again, 54:10 that's like a teacher. For the secret 54:12 reveal, there's a backpack brand nobody 54:14 knows about, but all the celebrities are 54:16 wearing. That's kind of revealing a 54:17 secret. And on and on and on. So the 54:20 point is this, these are the structures. 54:23 If you were to pattern match the winners 54:25 from the database, these are the 54:27 structures. You can get a bunch of these 54:30 by just going to the database, filtering 54:33 by structure, and then if you're like, 54:35 oh, I kind of want to learn how like the 54:36 fortune teller ones work, filter by 54:38 fortune teller, and watch all those 54:39 videos, and you can build this kind of 54:41 like directory in your mind of options. 54:43 But it's all here for you. So that's why 54:45 I'm kind of going through these a little 54:46 bit quicker. So the spoken structures, 54:49 there's like a few different patterns. 54:51 I'll go through the tactics in a second. 54:53 For also for the spoken hooks, there's 54:55 two options in terms of delivery. You 54:58 can either sync what's being said with 55:00 the visual, so it's like me talking on 55:01 screen, or you can show visuals where 55:03 the audio is playing underneath. Those 55:04 are your two options. So if I was 55:06 thinking about like how do I build the 55:08 Lego structure? I'm going to pick one of 55:10 these. I'm gonna pick one of these. 55:14 That's my spoken. That's my spoken hook 55:18 structure, right? That I'm going to 55:19 test. Now, I'm gonna keep going, but 55:21 just to tell everyone like the easiest 55:23 way to figure this out is just take a 55:25 video that already worked from a 55:26 competitor and then extract the pattern, 55:29 right? And I'll go through that in a 55:30 second, but so that's spoken. Now, with 55:32 visual, and the same thing for visual 55:33 structures, when it comes to the visual, 55:35 there's only so many different things 55:37 you can do. These are the different 55:40 visual choices that you can make. I have 55:42 like a little graphic here to make it 55:44 easier, but you could either have 55:45 creator A-roll, which is like the 55:47 creator talking on the screen. You could 55:49 have creator B-roll, which this is my 55:51 friend Alex. He's a creator, but he's 55:52 actually talking. It's like a visual of 55:53 him, but he's not talking. The audio is 55:55 underneath. You could have subject 55:57 B-roll, which is not Alex, but like 56:00 people. You could have non-subject 56:02 B-roll, which is screen recording, no 56:05 people in it. You could have examples. 56:07 You could have image screenshots. You 56:09 could have article screenshots. You 56:11 could have arrows. These are the 56:12 different things you could use in the 56:14 visuals to stack up. Once you start 56:16 watching videos on social media, you 56:18 will start recognizing which blocks, 56:20 which Lego bricks people are using. 56:22 Again, the purpose of this section was 56:24 just to like give you a definition, like 56:26 a directory of the blocks so that you 56:29 know what each one is. Right? So, that's 56:31 the visuals. You can also move the 56:34 visuals. So, here's all the options for 56:36 how you could move the visuals. You 56:38 could also lay the visuals out in 56:40 certain ways. You could have full screen 56:41 in a studio, full screen in the world, 56:44 full screen with a graphic on top of it. 56:46 You could have full screen B-roll. You 56:47 could have B-roll with the circle, 56:49 B-roll with green screen, split screen, 56:51 right? There's there's only so many 56:53 layouts that you could have. There's 56:54 only so many visuals you could have. 56:56 There's only so many words patterns you 56:57 could say. And so, this is my attempt at 56:59 like defining all of the possible 57:01 options for you. Now my goal is 57:06 this is a lot like this is a lot to take 57:07 in live on a call in terms of like do I 57:09 know all the options whatever. So the 57:10 goal for this is I'm giving you this doc 57:12 so you can then go through and look at 57:15 all the pieces watch a video in your 57:17 space and be like oh I see that's a 57:19 creator a-roll they have the text coming 57:20 across like you'll be able to kind of 57:22 like talk to what the components are. 57:25 Okay. So, I'm just going to go past the 57:28 fourth this fourth section because it's 57:30 all broken down for you there. And 57:31 you're going to get the database. Now, 57:33 something that I wanted to show you 57:34 before I get to the formula is this 57:37 research process. I actually think a lot 57:39 of you are going to get a ton of value 57:40 off just this. So, pay attention to this 57:43 pretty quick pretty closely. 57:46 How would you actually go about finding 57:48 winning hooks in your space? How do you 57:50 do that research? Like I've got this 57:52 database for you where I've pulled some 57:54 creators from like most spaces, but it's 57:56 not comprehensive for every single 57:58 space, right? So, how are you going to 57:59 go do this research on your own? I'm 58:01 going to show you exactly how to do it. 58:03 Okay? So, because the truth is most 58:06 people are not going to start with a 58:07 notion database. The goal is that you 58:09 train your brain to understand the 58:11 patterns so that you don't have to use 58:13 the database. And so, this is how you 58:15 would do the research. If I was starting 58:16 from scratch today and I was like, what 58:19 do I make? How do I make it? How do I 58:20 find winners? This is the exact process 58:22 that I would run to do research on the 58:25 winning hooks. Okay? And by the way, 58:28 sand castle.ai, my tool is going to have 58:30 something that's like 10 times better 58:31 than what I show you in four weeks. It's 58:33 coming out. It's going to be insane. So, 58:35 but let me just show you how to do this 58:36 without sand castles. Okay. The first 58:38 thing is you're going to build a creator 58:41 list of 20 to 30 accounts in your niche 58:44 that specifically target your IVA, your 58:48 ideal viewer avatar. So, if you make 58:50 video if you if you're making videos for 58:52 uh marketing agency owners, you're going 58:54 to go find other creators that make 58:55 videos for marketing agency owners. If 58:58 you're in that space, you probably 59:00 already have one or two that you like. 59:01 So, you're going to start there. If 59:03 you're brand new and you don't have any 59:04 that you like, I'm going to show you how 59:06 to how to start from scratch. But step 59:08 one is you need to build this creator 59:09 list. When you build this list, you're 59:12 looking for people that have at least 59:13 50,000 followers and have posted at 59:16 least like 30 to 50 times. You just want 59:18 to get people that know what they're 59:20 doing so that you you can make sure 59:21 you're not pulling something that was 59:22 just random luck. You want it to be 59:24 validated, right? So, you're going to 59:26 build this list. Now, where do you where 59:29 do you find this list? Right? Let me go 59:31 to my friend Orin. I'm going to explain 59:33 how to do this with his account. Let's 59:35 say so Orin's I don't know if everyone's 59:37 seen Orin here, but he's pretty big on 59:39 Instagram. He makes content about 59:41 marketing and brand. So, let's say I 59:43 wanted to build a channel where I was 59:44 also targeting chief creative officers, 59:47 marketers, brands, and I knew Orin 59:49 existed and I was like, I really like 59:50 this guy, but I I didn't really know 59:52 anyone else in the space. So, he's going 59:54 to be number one on my creator list. I'm 59:56 going to grab his profile and just add 59:57 it to a list. Add it to an Excel sheet. 59:59 Then, what I'm going to do is I'm going 1:00:01 to go to who he's following. See this 1:00:04 1082 following? Click this. I'm going to 1:00:07 start scrolling through who he's 1:00:09 following and I'm going to open any 1:00:11 account that has over 50,000 followers 1:00:14 that matches this type of content. So, 1:00:17 here's a guy Brian Blum. He makes 1:00:18 marketing content, 58,000 followers. 1:00:20 Boom. Open that. Grab him to my list. As 1:00:24 long as you have one person to start 1:00:25 with, you can run this following process 1:00:27 and it'll it might give you five and 1:00:29 then you pick one of those and then you 1:00:30 do it for that and you build out your 1:00:31 list that way. So, that's the easiest 1:00:32 way to do it. Again, insane castles will 1:00:34 make it way easier for you. But for now, 1:00:36 this manual process is the is the way to 1:00:38 do it. If you don't know Orin and you're 1:00:40 like, I want to make content for 1:00:42 creative people, but I I I know nobody 1:00:44 in the space, create a fresh Instagram 1:00:47 account, new email, so the algorithm is 1:00:49 not biased. Go into the search and start 1:00:52 searching terms that your type of person 1:00:55 would search for, your type of avatar 1:00:56 would search for. So like content 1:00:58 strategy, creative strategy, creative 1:01:00 brand strategy. If you do this for 10 to 1:01:02 15 minutes, the algorithm will get 1:01:03 pretty good at serving you content in 1:01:07 the feed and in the explore tab that 1:01:09 maps to that. Then you can build off of 1:01:12 there. Right? So this is either way 1:01:15 whether you start with an anchor person 1:01:17 or you start with no one, you're going 1:01:18 to build this creator list. Okay? So 1:01:20 that's number one. Once you have that 1:01:23 list, keep that list in a note and 1:01:25 you're going to run this process. Again, 1:01:28 sand castles will make it way easier, 1:01:29 but the way to do it right now is by 1:01:31 using this thing called sortfeed. 1:01:33 sortfeed.com. 1:01:35 So, what sort feed does is it basically 1:01:37 adds a layer on top of an Instagram or 1:01:40 Tik Tok profile and resorts the videos 1:01:43 in order based on views, likes, 1:01:45 comments, whatever you choose. So, I'm 1:01:47 going to show you how I do this using 1:01:49 Orurins, right? So, I go to my Chrome 1:01:52 extension. I know you guys can't let me 1:01:54 switch the tab. I go to my Chrome 1:01:55 extension. I don't think you'll be able 1:01:57 to see 1:01:58 you're not going to be able to see the 1:01:59 Chrome extension, which is kind of 1:02:00 annoying, but it looks like 1:02:05 this right here. Looks like that. Now, 1:02:08 you're going to you you will be able to 1:02:10 see what I what it does. So, in the 1:02:12 Chrome extension, you pick last 200 1:02:15 items and you sort by views 1:02:19 and you have to do it on the reels tab 1:02:21 or else it won't be able to sort. This 1:02:23 thing is very finicky. So that's why the 1:02:24 sand castle thing will be better. 1:02:27 So now you're going to see this page 1:02:29 reload. You see the yellow how it's 1:02:30 reloading? Basically what it's doing is 1:02:32 it's it's analyzing all the videos and 1:02:34 then res resorting them. I picked his 1:02:36 last 200 because I want like in the last 1:02:38 year or so. So it's at 144. Give it one 1:02:41 more second and it'll be done. And I'll 1:02:43 show you that this basically takes all 1:02:46 his videos and now resource them in 1:02:48 order. So you can see like 5.6 million 1:02:50 views, 3.8 million, 1.4 million, 1.3. 1:02:52 It's now in descending order. So, what I 1:02:54 can do is I and you want to rightclick 1:02:57 open in new tab. You don't want to uh 1:03:00 click on this because as soon as you 1:03:01 click on it, it will get rid of the 1:03:02 sorting. You're going to have to resort. 1:03:03 So, what what I did for the hooks 1:03:05 database is I went through and I opened 1:03:08 all of the top 10 videos for these 1:03:10 people and I analyzed the patterns. What 1:03:13 is he saying? What is he showing? What 1:03:15 is the hook on screen? What is the 1:03:16 pattern? Now that you have the building 1:03:17 blocks and you have the way to research, 1:03:20 you can just combine those together and 1:03:22 you have unlimited patterns, right? So 1:03:24 this is how I do this today. This works 1:03:27 for getting ideas. It also works for 1:03:29 hooks. Sand castles will make this 1:03:31 easier. We'll go over that when it's 1:03:32 when it's live. Um, but that's that's 1:03:34 the research process, right? So you're 1:03:36 going to run that process and then 1:03:38 here's here's really the sauce, right? I 1:03:40 made this database so that you guys have 1:03:43 the scaffolding of all the pieces. So, 1:03:45 what you can do is you can come in here 1:03:48 and we'll send you this link and 1:03:49 everything will be filled out. Come in 1:03:51 here, delete all the videos that aren't 1:03:53 related to your space, clone the 1:03:55 database, and then add in any new ones 1:03:58 that you find in your research, right? 1:03:59 Because this database is like a point in 1:04:01 time thing. We're going to add to it, 1:04:02 but like everything moving backwards, 1:04:03 we've captured, but everything moving 1:04:05 forwards, you're going to want to be 1:04:06 scanning in your space and run that 1:04:08 creative that research process I just 1:04:10 showed you once a week. If you find new 1:04:12 patterns, put them in the database. That 1:04:14 way you have one database that you can 1:04:16 you can reference. So this is kind of 1:04:19 the process to do the research today. 1:04:22 Like I said, sand castles will be way I 1:04:25 mean it's going to be insane how because 1:04:26 I've obviously designed this whole 1:04:28 thing. So I I know what people need. So 1:04:30 when it comes out in the next four 1:04:31 weeks, it'll make it way easier. Um 1:04:33 cool. So next we're going to go into the 1:04:36 actual framework, the checklist. But I 1:04:38 just want to pause again. 1:04:40 So far what we've gone through is the 1:04:42 tactics 1:04:44 building block psychology ontarget 1:04:47 curiosity loop four hook components you 1:04:49 want them to be aligned we went through 1:04:51 the database we went through how you 1:04:53 research to find those patterns out of 1:04:56 10 can people put in the chat where are 1:04:58 we where are we tracking is everyone is 1:05:00 everyone clear hopefully we're exceeding 1:05:03 expectations so far 1:05:07 okay nice now I think these last two 1:05:10 pieces is probably what everybody wants, 1:05:12 but it's pretty critical to like have 1:05:14 that foundational layer so it all makes 1:05:15 sense. Okay, so we're going to move on 1:05:17 to the framework and then the examples. 1:05:20 That's all we have left. So, let's talk 1:05:22 about the framework. This is the five 1:05:25 minute 10-minute checklist that you 1:05:26 should use when you're writing a hook 1:05:28 with specifics. Okay, 1:05:31 first thing I'm just going to go over is 1:05:32 like the strategy of it. And then the 1:05:34 five pieces are right here. So, I'll get 1:05:35 I'll get to that in one second. Okay, so 1:05:37 what is the strategy? This is the order 1:05:40 that you should attack building the 1:05:42 hook. Okay. The first thing you should 1:05:44 do, step zero, 1:05:46 understand if you already have visuals 1:05:48 to use. Maybe you found some footage on 1:05:52 the topic. Maybe you found some article. 1:05:54 Maybe you found some other creator that 1:05:56 you're remixing. Do you have visuals 1:05:58 that you want to use for sure? Because 1:06:01 if you do have those visuals, it will 1:06:02 help skew the words you should say to 1:06:05 match those visuals. So, like step zero 1:06:07 is start with the visual if you have it. 1:06:10 Now, if you don't have it, we'll talk 1:06:11 about how to make it, how to choose it. 1:06:13 But like if you have an anchor visual, 1:06:15 use it. Like for example, that one with 1:06:16 the headband, I I knew the the company 1:06:19 released a teaser and I saw those clips 1:06:21 with the person putting the headband on. 1:06:23 So, I was like, "Oh, I'm going to show 1:06:24 that." That allowed me to know that when 1:06:26 I when I wrote my spoken hook, I could 1:06:28 say this headband because I knew I'd be 1:06:30 able to show this headband. So, it it 1:06:32 helps if you know what visuals you have. 1:06:35 So that's step number zero. The pre-step 1:06:38 is check if you have visuals. Okay. Step 1:06:40 one, you're going to write the spoken 1:06:42 hook. And I'm going to go through that 1:06:43 in a second. You're going to pick one of 1:06:46 the structures and you're going to write 1:06:48 the one to four lines on a word dock. 1:06:50 Okay, that's step one. Step two, if you 1:06:53 don't have the visual from step zero, 1:06:54 you're going to now identify what 1:06:56 visuals you need to show on the screen 1:06:58 to complement the spoken hook. If you're 1:07:01 not using visuals, it's possible you 1:07:03 might just be you recorded on the 1:07:04 screen. no visuals. In that case, you 1:07:06 are the visuals. That's like creator 1:07:07 A-roll. If that's the case, you're 1:07:10 putting more emphasis on the text hook 1:07:12 and the spoken hook being good, right? 1:07:14 Because the visual is not going to be 1:07:15 like that dynamic. It's going to be you 1:07:16 sitting in the office, whatever. You can 1:07:18 always make it more dynamic by adding 1:07:20 better visuals. So, step two after 1:07:22 you've written the spoken hook is like, 1:07:23 what visuals do I need to complement 1:07:25 that hook to increase comprehension, 1:07:27 right? So, you're going to have a couple 1:07:29 options. You can either go shoot B-roll 1:07:32 on your phone, you can generate graphics 1:07:34 using AI, or you can film a full screen 1:07:37 video of yourself just talking to it. 1:07:39 You have some options. We laid those 1:07:41 options out in section four in terms of 1:07:43 like all your different paths for the 1:07:45 visuals. But that's step two. And again, 1:07:48 just to be clear, I'm going to go 1:07:49 through this one more time, but in 1:07:50 detail in one second. This is just the 1:07:52 strategy. Step three, you're going to 1:07:54 write the text hook. So you got the 1:07:56 spoken hook written. We know what the 1:07:57 visuals are going to be. Are we putting 1:07:59 text on the screen? At the very minimum, 1:08:00 you're putting captions, but are we 1:08:02 putting some other title text on the 1:08:04 screen? If you don't plan on using a 1:08:07 visual hook because you're filming it 1:08:08 yourself, like I just said, you got to 1:08:10 put title text on the screen or else 1:08:12 people have no clue what they're 1:08:14 watching until you say it. It just puts 1:08:15 way too much risk on the spoken hook. 1:08:17 So, you got to put text on the screen. 1:08:19 You're going to add this in the edit, 1:08:20 but at this point, you just want to be 1:08:21 kind of clear like, what am I what am I 1:08:23 actually going to say? What what am I 1:08:25 going to write? Okay. Step four, you're 1:08:27 going to record the video. And then step 1:08:29 five, you're going to edit the hook, 1:08:31 right? And I'll go through a couple more 1:08:32 tips in a second, but just on the edit, 1:08:34 because we haven't really talked about 1:08:35 the edit yet. So, this is really 1:08:36 important. When you're editing, you need 1:08:40 to imagine every single viewer's eyes 1:08:43 can only look at one spot on the screen 1:08:45 at a time, right? And you don't have to 1:08:47 imagine that because that's the truth. 1:08:48 We can't look at two things at once. We 1:08:50 can only focus on one thing at a time. 1:08:51 So you have to ask yourself, have you 1:08:54 edited it or used visuals and text in a 1:08:57 way where the people are actually 1:08:58 looking at where you need them to look 1:09:00 so they can comprehend what is being 1:09:02 said? If they're looking in the wrong 1:09:04 spot and they take the wrong thing from 1:09:06 it, we failed. So this is like a gut 1:09:08 check. I want you to ask yourself these 1:09:10 questions when you're editing. This is 1:09:12 the last step, but I want you to ask 1:09:13 yourself these questions. A, am I hooked 1:09:17 and I watched the whole thing? Did it 1:09:18 hook me or not? If it didn't hook you, 1:09:20 it's because of lack of clarity, lack of 1:09:22 pace. We'll go through those in a 1:09:24 minute, but like sounds stupid. Great 1:09:27 question to ask when you watch it back. 1:09:28 Am I hooked? If you're not hooked, you 1:09:30 got to do it again. Second thing, are 1:09:32 you clear on what the video is actually 1:09:34 about? Is the clarity there or are you 1:09:36 confused? If you're confused, we got to 1:09:38 rework on the alignment. And three, are 1:09:40 you curious enough to want to keep 1:09:42 watching? These are like the three, you 1:09:44 know, like if you're playing golf, 1:09:45 you're like remembering in your head. 1:09:47 Keep my arm straight. Keep my hand like 1:09:48 keep my grip. These are like your 1:09:50 checklist things in your head. These 1:09:51 three questions when you're editing. 1:09:53 Okay, so this is the strategy for the 1:09:55 checklist. 1:09:56 Three-step visuals, spoken hook, 1:09:59 visuals, text, record, edit. Okay, you 1:10:02 got that? Let's go through the exact 1:10:05 tactics. This is like the most tactical 1:10:07 that we can possibly have in terms of 1:10:09 each of those. Okay, this is the this is 1:10:11 the checklist. Like I want you to copy 1:10:13 this, put it on the fridge every time 1:10:15 you make a video. This is the checklist. 1:10:16 Okay. Step one, remind yourself of the 1:10:19 strategy. Perfect. This takes 3 seconds. 1:10:21 We have these four pieces. Awesome. 1:10:22 Okay. Next. Step two, spoken. Spoken 1:10:26 hook. The easiest mode for spoken hook 1:10:29 is to just pick a validated spoken hook 1:10:32 structure from the database or from your 1:10:33 research and just copy it. You don't 1:10:35 have to say the exact same words because 1:10:37 you're saying X person did Y thing and 1:10:39 got Z result. you can fill in your stuff 1:10:41 and it's different, right? The easiest 1:10:42 mode is just copy it. If you want to 1:10:44 write it from scratch, 1:10:47 here's how we do it. The first step is 1:10:49 you have to figure out what is the 1:10:50 context that I need to communicate about 1:10:52 this video so that the viewer can decide 1:10:53 to opt in. That's number one. In your 1:10:56 mind, as you're writing, you should be 1:10:57 like, okay, what do I need to tell them 1:10:59 so that they can opt in? Step one. Step 1:11:01 two, what is the contrast between what 1:11:04 they currently believe and what I 1:11:05 believe that I could use to get them 1:11:07 interested? Do I know what those things 1:11:08 are? implied contrast, stated contrast. 1:11:11 What are those things? Got to have that 1:11:12 in your head. Step three, can I 1:11:15 communicate both of those things in a 1:11:17 single sentence? If not, take two 1:11:19 sentences. I've got all these examples 1:11:21 below of this that we'll go through in a 1:11:22 second. The best spoken hooks are the 1:11:25 ones that build the most contrast. So 1:11:26 again, are you building contrast? This 1:11:29 is something I I could have said earlier 1:11:30 with the contrast, but I just want to 1:11:31 hammer it home now. 1:11:34 Size of contrast is based like this. 1:11:35 Imagine you had a hundred people in a 1:11:36 room and your take on something none of 1:11:40 them knew. Everyone believed a hundred 1:11:42 of them believe one thing you believed 1:11:43 another. That's massive contrast. If 50 1:11:45 believe one thing and 50 believe another 1:11:47 that's less, right? So when you're 1:11:49 writing you need to say what is the 1:11:52 context? Am I inducing curiosity with 1:11:54 the contrast? How big is that curiosity? 1:11:56 That's what you need to ask yourself 1:11:58 when you're speaking. Like when you're 1:12:00 recording the actual audio, speak with 1:12:02 good pace and energy. Make sure the 1:12:05 audio is clean and high quality. If you 1:12:07 have a he if you have heavy echo or a 1:12:08 low monotone voice, that's going to be a 1:12:10 problem. So like bring up the energy. If 1:12:13 you need recommendation for the mic, 1:12:15 these are the mics that I use. DJI 1:12:17 wireless mics. These are a cheaper 1:12:19 version that Hormosi uses. A lot of 1:12:20 people use that like little circle 1:12:22 thing. The Holland Lark M2. Slightly 1:12:25 cheaper. Pick one of these mics if your 1:12:27 audio is not good. Use the fewer words 1:12:30 is better, but use additional words if 1:12:32 it helps increase potential 1:12:33 misunderstanding. And if you trip up 1:12:35 over your words when you're recording, 1:12:36 do it again so you have a clear take. 1:12:38 Now, I'll just I'll just say this. Many 1:12:42 people on the call probably wanted a 1:12:46 like a generator where you you basically 1:12:48 type in a topic and then it just writes 1:12:49 the hook for you. That's what 1:12:50 sandcastles.ai is. So, if you want that, 1:12:52 we have that already for you. This is 1:12:54 more meant to be like if you find a 1:12:57 structure that wins, copy it. Or if you 1:13:00 want to write something from scratch, 1:13:01 take the structure and make sure you 1:13:03 improve the context and you improve the 1:13:06 contrast. That is the this is the sauce 1:13:08 for how you write spoken hooks. Okay, so 1:13:11 that's that's this is the checklist on 1:13:14 spoken hooks. All right, the next piece, 1:13:16 the text hook. 1:13:18 Again, the easiest mode, pick a 1:13:21 validated text hook and just copy it. 1:13:23 And when I say copy, what I mean is 1:13:25 remix. Don't take the exact words. Take 1:13:28 the structure and remix it. But if you 1:13:30 want to write the text hook on your own, 1:13:32 here's how you would do it. The text 1:13:34 hook needs to elicit curiosity and 1:13:36 ideally some emotional reaction, either 1:13:38 shock or surprise. You want to use the 1:13:41 fewest possible words. You want to make 1:13:43 the font as big as you possibly can 1:13:44 without overwhelming on the screen. You 1:13:46 want to make sure it's easy to read when 1:13:48 you overlay the visuals. Use a font 1:13:51 that's very easy to read. Keep the text 1:13:54 hook eye level with the subject so that 1:13:56 people look at the eyes, they look at 1:13:57 the text, they can don't cover the eyes, 1:13:59 but like keep it as close to eye level 1:14:00 as possible. And don't let the text hook 1:14:03 be blocked by the overlays. When I say 1:14:07 overlays, this is what I mean 1:14:10 on Instagram and Tik Tok. The little 1:14:12 icons for the like and like the 1:14:13 description and the username, these are 1:14:15 going to block the stuff at the bottom. 1:14:17 So don't put the stuff at the bottom. 1:14:19 Make sure it's above so it doesn't get 1:14:20 blocked by the overlay. Okay, these are 1:14:23 all like tactical tips on the text hook, 1:14:25 but again, the easiest way is just find 1:14:27 what's already working and remix. Okay, 1:14:30 I'm gonna go to the visual hook. Before 1:14:31 I do that, can people drop in the 1:14:34 comments really quick? Is this making 1:14:35 sense in terms of a checklist? Like, is 1:14:37 this helpful? 1:14:48 Cool. Okay, nice. I just want to make 1:14:50 sure I'm basically just screaming to 1:14:52 myself in silence over here. So I just 1:14:53 want to make sure everyone's everyone's 1:14:55 tracking along. Okay, so the the fourth 1:14:57 piece, right? This is the checklist. So 1:14:58 we've written the spoken, we've written 1:15:00 the text, here's the visual. Again, not 1:15:03 to sound like a dead horse, easy mode. 1:15:05 Look at the visual structure that 1:15:06 already worked on on a proven version. 1:15:08 Replicate a version of that. There's 1:15:10 only so many choices you can pick in 1:15:12 terms of layout and structure. 1:15:14 Here's how you would do it from scratch 1:15:16 in terms of like the tips that make the 1:15:18 most sense. 1:15:20 You want to use the vis you want to use 1:15:21 visuals that have enough motion and 1:15:23 color to capture attention. A black and 1:15:25 white image, unless it's animated, is 1:15:26 not going to hold any attention. The 1:15:28 brain reacts to subconsciously to color 1:15:32 and motion, right? So, it's very 1:15:33 critical that the visuals you use have 1:15:35 color and motion. If you're using 1:15:37 creator A-roll, which is like you as the 1:15:39 creator on the screen, the more 1:15:42 attractive and happy you look, the 1:15:44 better. I don't make the rules, sorry, 1:15:47 but that's the truth. So, be happy, 1:15:50 energized, bring energy when you're 1:15:52 recording. If you're like having a bad 1:15:53 day, take a cold shower for five 1:15:55 minutes, come back. The energy really 1:15:57 does matter a lot. So, that's that's how 1:15:59 to increase kind of like the visual of 1:16:01 you on screen. Try to include some 1:16:03 initial motion or passive action if it's 1:16:07 you on screen, right? Because if imagine 1:16:09 a lot of people know Alex Earl, right? 1:16:11 She does the get ready with me. It's 1:16:13 just her. She like it's her and the 1:16:15 makeup. So, what is what is she doing to 1:16:16 actually hold your attention? She's 1:16:18 doing two things. When she starts out, 1:16:21 typically she leans forward and then 1:16:23 leans back like she's touching her face 1:16:24 or she's like putting her hair up or 1:16:26 something. That motion pauses the viewer 1:16:29 in a positive way. Another example of 1:16:30 that motion is this one from Colin and 1:16:32 Samir. Watch the beginning of this 1:16:34 video. 1:16:36 See how see how he turned and like the 1:16:38 glasses were like kind of in the mirror 1:16:40 moving that motion it triggers the brain 1:16:43 to lock on because for it's not it can 1:16:46 be confusing if you overdo it but like 1:16:47 that motion is really helpful. That's 1:16:50 one thing. The second thing is uh 1:16:52 passive action which is called pope in 1:16:53 the pool. Pope in the pool means it's it 1:16:56 the name came from like uh if you want 1:16:58 to explain something to someone but you 1:16:59 show like a video of a pope swimming in 1:17:00 the pool. Everyone's like why is the 1:17:02 pope swimming in the pool? It's so 1:17:03 distract it's not distracting but it's 1:17:05 like random and you're kind of like ho 1:17:07 holding on that. You got to be careful 1:17:09 with this. But a good example is the get 1:17:13 ready with me. The Alex get ready with 1:17:14 me. Like you're listening to what she's 1:17:16 saying but because this passive action 1:17:18 is happening here it's kind of like 1:17:19 holding your attention in a weird way. 1:17:21 That's why those split screen gamer 1:17:22 clips work. So again, it's better if you 1:17:25 use visuals that show exactly what 1:17:27 you're saying. But if it's just you on 1:17:28 screen, try to infuse a little bit of 1:17:30 this if you can to to add a little bit 1:17:33 more motion. Right? So that's tips for 1:17:35 creator A-roll. If you're using other 1:17:38 B-roll, any other visuals, make sure the 1:17:41 attention is flowing where it needs to 1:17:43 in order to understand what's being 1:17:45 said. Arrows, circles, different colors. 1:17:48 Make sure that you're pointing the 1:17:49 attention where it needs to. Right? 1:17:52 Here's a good example of that. This 1:17:55 video fitness space, 1:17:59 he obviously doesn't have his muscles on 1:18:00 the outside of his skin. He put this in 1:18:02 with animation, right? But he's doing 1:18:04 that because he wants you to look here. 1:18:06 So like everyone looks here and he's 1:18:08 doing it with color. That's super 1:18:09 helpful because he's saying if you want 1:18:11 to grow your lats, which what he's 1:18:13 talking about or I think he's Yeah. If 1:18:14 you want to grow your lats, I lost my 1:18:16 anatomy uh merit badge for that one. 1:18:19 Basically, he's showing you so that you 1:18:21 lock on, right? So, there's ways you can 1:18:24 ch adjust the visuals to focus attention 1:18:27 where you want them to look. Very 1:18:28 important. Okay. In terms of pacing, you 1:18:32 want to switch the visuals every one to 1:18:34 two seconds. Every time the visuals 1:18:36 change, it kind of stuns the viewer into 1:18:38 resetting when where they're looking for 1:18:41 10 to 20 milliseconds. It's very helpful 1:18:42 to do that. Don't do it too aggressively 1:18:44 because then they can't actually 1:18:45 comprehend. Okay, the last thing in the 1:18:48 checklist is the edit. I've talked about 1:18:50 this a little bit already. When you're 1:18:52 editing the hook, you're looking for two 1:18:53 things. One is comprehension via 1:18:56 alignment. We're bringing it full 1:18:59 circle. When you watch the hook back, do 1:19:01 all the components feel aligned. Can you 1:19:04 effectively understand what's going on 1:19:06 or are they a little disconnected? If 1:19:08 you make videos and you haven't been 1:19:09 performing well, I guarantee if you look 1:19:11 at your hooks, they're misaligned. So, 1:19:14 you got to check the comprehension via 1:19:15 alignment. And the last thing is pacing. 1:19:18 If everything is aligned, but it's still 1:19:20 not working, it's probably just too 1:19:21 slow. It's not engaging them enough. So, 1:19:24 you need to increase the pacing when 1:19:26 you're editing. Right? These are the two 1:19:28 two pieces. Now, this is a good exercise 1:19:31 after the hook is done to gut check if 1:19:33 the hook is good. Right? The fir I want 1:19:36 you to watch the hook back three times. 1:19:38 The first time I want you to watch it on 1:19:40 silent, mute the audio. When you watch 1:19:43 it on silent, are you clear what the 1:19:46 stated topic is? And do you build a 1:19:48 curiosity loop? That shows just the 1:19:51 visual and text working. Then I want I 1:19:54 want you to watch it a second time. 1:19:55 Close your eyes. Just audio. Are you 1:19:59 clear on the stated topic and the 1:20:00 curiosity loop? Then I want I want you 1:20:02 to watch it a third time. Audio and 1:20:04 video enabled. Watch the whole thing. 1:20:06 Are you clear? The best hooks are so 1:20:09 clear that you could watch it in silence 1:20:11 or watch it with your eyes closed, like 1:20:13 listen with your eyes closed and it 1:20:15 still works. So, this is a good exercise 1:20:17 to kind of force the alignment idea. So, 1:20:21 that's the checklist. Print this out, 1:20:23 put it on the fridge. You got the 1:20:25 strategy, you got spoken, you got text, 1:20:26 you got visuals, you got the edit. This 1:20:28 is what I would follow as well as all 1:20:30 the structures that we've went through 1:20:31 in the database. Okay. Now, I want to be 1:20:34 conscious of everyone's time. I'm going 1:20:35 to go through all these examples because 1:20:37 I think it's really helpful and I wanted 1:20:38 to make this interactive. We're almost 1:20:40 at the bottom of the hour. You're going 1:20:42 to get this doc after for anyone that 1:20:44 has to go. You're going to get the doc 1:20:45 after. You're going to get the recording 1:20:46 after. So, we'll go through the 1:20:47 recording here and you'll still get it. 1:20:48 It'd be great if everyone can stay 1:20:50 longer. Um, if you can, awesome. Before 1:20:53 I move on to the examples, gut check. 1:20:57 This is like final gut check of the 1:20:59 teaching before we go into the examples. 1:21:01 out of let's say out of a hundred 1:21:03 because out of ten stop out of score out 1:21:04 of a hundred how good do you think this 1:21:07 was at elevating your understanding on 1:21:09 hooks and giving you something tactical 1:21:12 as a system that you can then apply 1:21:14 moving forward. 1:21:19 All right, I see mostly high. I saw 70. 1:21:22 So whoever put 70 1:21:25 go in the questions and be like I put 1:21:27 70. This is what I wanted that I didn't 1:21:29 get. But everyone else looks like it's 1:21:32 it's doing pretty well. I also think 1:21:35 it's hard to consume this much 1:21:36 information in one shot. So you guys 1:21:38 having the recording and having the doc, 1:21:39 you'll be able to go through. Okay. So 1:21:42 what I want to do on the examples, 1:21:46 I've got 12 different categories. So 1:21:48 I've got fitness, I've got marketing 1:21:50 agency, social media content, AI 1:21:52 automation, DTOC products, podcast 1:21:54 clips. I've got all these different 1:21:55 categories. What I did is I went 1:21:58 through, I took a creator, I found a 1:22:01 video that they made that was a banger 1:22:03 with a great hook, and I also found a 1:22:05 video that they made that was a snoozer 1:22:07 with a bad hook. And so what I want to 1:22:09 do is I'm going to play them. And then I 1:22:11 want everyone in the chat to use what 1:22:14 you've just learned and comment why you 1:22:17 think it was good or bad. Like we'll go 1:22:18 one at a time and then we're going to 1:22:20 break we're going to break them down. 1:22:21 And I think this is the best way to kind 1:22:23 of like lock in the learning. Okay. So, 1:22:26 the first one we're going to do is 1:22:27 fitness. So, let me pull this up now. 1:22:31 This is an example of a good hook. Let 1:22:35 me share this. All right. So, everyone 1:22:38 watch this. 1:22:40 Some people squat like this and others 1:22:42 like this. Which form is correct? Let me 1:22:45 explain. All right. Let's watch it one 1:22:47 more time. 1:22:49 Some people squat like this and others 1:22:52 like this. Which form is correct? Let me 1:22:54 explain. 1:22:55 Okay, this video got 1:22:59 12 million views, which is pretty wild. 1:23:01 So, everyone in the in the chat, drop in 1:23:05 why you think this was a good why you 1:23:08 think this was a good hook. Why did this 1:23:09 hold your attention? We'll give everyone 1:23:12 10 or 10 or 15 seconds to drop this in. 1:23:23 Cool. So here's the explanation. The 1:23:26 spoken text and visual hook is here. 1:23:30 In the sake of time, I'll I'll not 1:23:31 reiterate all of these, but essentially 1:23:33 this is about squatting. The reason why 1:23:35 this works so well immediately the 1:23:38 context of the video is that this is 1:23:40 about squat technique. The first thing 1:23:41 you see, the first thing that they they 1:23:43 say is about squatting. Why do people 1:23:45 squat like this? And so you're very 1:23:46 clear. You can opt into that. But the 1:23:48 real reason why I think this works so 1:23:50 well is because they built the curiosity 1:23:52 loop and the contrast into the visual. 1:23:55 This compares two forms of squatting. So 1:23:58 anyone that can see themsel in the 1:24:00 visual, A versus B, they're comparing 1:24:03 themsel and they're guessing which is 1:24:04 right. That holds everyone. The the the 1:24:07 advanced, the beginning, like the 1:24:08 contrast, it shows them both. So it does 1:24:10 a really good job of holding people. I 1:24:12 think the visual was the highlight on 1:24:14 this one. Okay, let's go through the bad 1:24:17 hook from this person and 1:24:20 let me share it now. 1:24:24 Okay, I want everyone to do the same 1:24:25 thing. We're going to watch the bad hook 1:24:26 and this is fitness. So, the way I want 1:24:28 you to think of this is like if you make 1:24:30 if you're on this call and you make 1:24:31 fitness content, this guy is one example 1:24:34 that I would add to my creator list and 1:24:36 I would go through and be like what I 1:24:37 would literally go through his exercise. 1:24:39 What did his top videos do well? Oh, he 1:24:41 showed A and B in the form. Okay, that I 1:24:43 can extract that as a visual structure 1:24:45 and add that to my list. Maybe I can use 1:24:47 that. Right? So, you should be thinking 1:24:48 in in these terms. Okay, let's watch 1:24:50 this one. Opinion for most 1:24:54 time for most natural lifters, a body 1:24:57 fat of around 12 to 15% is the most 1:25:00 sustainable physique. It's practical to 1:25:02 maintain. You get the health benefits of 1:25:04 All right, let's try one more time. 1:25:05 Every time I refresh, I have to try to 1:25:06 unmute the thing in record time, so I'm 1:25:08 trying to get it timed perfectly. my 1:25:10 opinion for most natural lifters a body 1:25:12 fat of around 12 to 15% is the most 1:25:15 sustainable physique. It's practical to 1:25:17 maintain you. Cool. So, drop in the chat 1:25:21 why you feel this was suboptimal. 1:25:24 What was wrong with this one? And if it 1:25:28 if it was missing a contrast, which it 1:25:30 was, what do you think would have been a 1:25:32 better way to contrast it? What contrast 1:25:35 would you have built here? The video is 1:25:36 about body fat. 1:25:45 Cool. Let me switch back to this. Okay. 1:25:47 So, in this one, he said, "In my 1:25:49 opinion, for natural lifters, a body fat 1:25:50 of 12 to 15% is the most sustainable 1:25:52 physique." He didn't have a text hook. 1:25:54 He just used the captions. And then it 1:25:55 was him doing a deadlift and like a 1:25:57 shirtless pick. So, why did this not 1:25:59 work? First, he used he started with in 1:26:02 my opinion, which is the me my it also 1:26:04 wastes space like that doesn't add any 1:26:06 value. The context of this video was 1:26:10 clear that it was going to be about body 1:26:11 fat, but it was unclear what we were 1:26:13 going to get out of it, right? So, it 1:26:14 was on target, but I wasn't clear on 1:26:19 like where that was going to go. So, 1:26:20 that was a problem. And then, like 1:26:22 everyone's saying in the chat, the 1:26:23 contrast was not clear because he said 1:26:25 12 to 15% is best, but there's no 1:26:27 comparison, which kind of like ruins the 1:26:30 curiosity loop. So, if I were to write 1:26:32 this one myself, I would have tried 1:26:34 something like this. Bodybuilders make 1:26:36 it seem like 6% body fat is normal, but 1:26:38 if you want to look fit year round, 12 1:26:40 to 15% body fat is the best target. 1:26:42 Here's how to get there in six weeks. 1:26:44 This is an example of like this is a 1:26:45 little bit worriier, but the idea is I'm 1:26:48 trying to trigger comparison between 1:26:50 what's normal and then what I'm talking 1:26:52 about is the right range. Cool. So, does 1:26:56 that make sense? Give a give a thumbs up 1:26:58 in the chat if that makes sense. Cool. 1:27:01 Now, real quick, because I know people 1:27:03 have to jump, I'm going to come back to 1:27:04 examples. Let me just let me just remind 1:27:06 everyone about SFA really quick. So what 1:27:08 we just went through for the hooks, this 1:27:10 is one example, like I said, of the full 1:27:13 endto-end workflow. So if you're trying 1:27:15 to get better at short form video, this 1:27:17 is the type of like rigor and depth that 1:27:20 we go into in SFA in all areas. So we 1:27:23 have the full curriculum for everything. 1:27:25 You get access to group calls where you 1:27:27 can pull up your videos, pull up your 1:27:29 hooks, and we'll review them live. And 1:27:31 then you also get access one-on-one to 1:27:33 me. So, if you're interested in SFA, 1:27:35 we're closing this link at 3:30. In 1 1:27:37 hour, this link is closed. We're not 1:27:39 accepting anymore. We've only opened it 1:27:40 for enrollment twice since we launched 1:27:43 it. So, if you're interested, 1:27:45 shortform.academy/invite. 1:27:47 That's the last time I'll mention it, 1:27:49 but it's really the best way to level up 1:27:51 with Short Form. Okay, let's go back to 1:27:53 the examples. So, we did fitness. Let's 1:27:55 go to marketing agency. 1:27:59 Cool. So, this first one, I'm trying to 1:28:02 decide how we do this. So, I kind of 1:28:04 wanted to like surprise everyone like is 1:28:05 this good or bad? Maybe maybe I'll 1:28:08 switch the tab. I'll start here. I'm I'm 1:28:11 going to pull up a random one and you're 1:28:12 not going to know if it's good or bad 1:28:14 and then that way people can really 1:28:16 focus. Okay, so we're going to skip 1:28:18 marketing agency. We're going to go to a 1:28:19 different one. Okay, so I'm pulling this 1:28:21 up. Okay, we're going to go to this one. 1:28:23 This is social media marketing content 1:28:26 stuff. Not going to tell you if it's 1:28:28 good or bad. Let's play this and you 1:28:30 guys watch it and you tell me in the 1:28:32 chat. Is it good or bad? If good, 1:28:34 explain why. If bad, not. Okay, ready? 1:28:36 Go. 1:28:38 Is rolling out a huge update. Here's 1:28:41 everything you need to know. First, all 1:28:43 right, let's go one more time. 1:28:46 Is rolling out a huge update. Here's 1:28:49 everything you need to know. He said 1:28:52 Instagram is rolling out a huge update. 1:28:54 The the the audio is annoying with the 1:28:56 button, but Instagram is rolling out a 1:28:58 huge update. Here's everything you need 1:28:59 to know. Okay, drop in the drop in the 1:29:01 chat you good or bad. 1:29:13 Cool. All right, now let's let's go to 1:29:16 the dock. Okay, so this was this guy's 1:29:19 best performing video ever. And this 1:29:21 just shows you if you thought it was 1:29:22 bad. I'm curious why you think it was 1:29:24 bad. It was like a little low five, 1:29:27 right? like it was him sitting on the 1:29:28 ground. But like it can still work if 1:29:30 you write if you trigger the right 1:29:32 psychology. So why did this one work? 1:29:34 The spoken hook was Instagram's rolling 1:29:36 out a huge update. Here's everything you 1:29:38 need to know. The text hook was 1:29:40 Instagram's new update. Watch this. The 1:29:43 visual hook was the creator in his 1:29:45 house. He had two different camera 1:29:46 angles and the text came on screen and 1:29:48 bounced. So why did this work? This had 1:29:51 immediate clarity on the value for who 1:29:54 should watch. Right? If you care about 1:29:56 social media and Instagram, immediate 1:29:59 clarity. You're going to get their 1:30:00 updates. There's some update that you 1:30:02 need to hear right now. The the reason 1:30:06 why I think this works so well is 1:30:08 because the curiosity loop was maxed 1:30:09 out. If you're focused on this world and 1:30:11 you're like, they just rolled out a new 1:30:12 update. Here's everything you need to 1:30:13 know. The this is example of like a 1:30:15 future fortune teller hook. The future, 1:30:19 there's some update you need to 1:30:20 understand. The present, you don't know 1:30:22 the update. very critical for you to 1:30:24 understand that information. Contrast is 1:30:26 large if you didn't know what it is. The 1:30:28 way he framed it is everybody thinks 1:30:30 they don't know. Right? So the contrast 1:30:32 is comparing not knowing to knowing. 1:30:34 That's why this did so well. That was an 1:30:37 example of that was an example of a very 1:30:40 clear, easy to opt in and large contrast 1:30:44 with with a large T. Okay, let me flip 1:30:47 back to this. We're going to pick a 1:30:49 different one 1:30:52 and I'm not going to alternate. So, I 1:30:53 want to I want to throw you guys off. If 1:30:55 I was alternating, it would be too easy. 1:31:00 Okay, this one is marketing agency 1:31:06 made $30 million last year by following 1:31:07 this unique content strategy I like to 1:31:09 call TDS. It's tease, document, and 1:31:12 showcase. Here's how they All right, 1:31:14 let's play one more time. Golf made $30 1:31:17 million last year by following this 1:31:18 unique content strategy I like to call 1:31:21 TDS. It's tease, document, and showcase. 1:31:24 Here's how they do it. So, Malvin like 1:31:25 Okay, so everybody drop in. Was this 1:31:28 good or bad? What you guys think? And 1:31:30 then if good, why good? If bad, why bad? 1:31:34 We'll give everyone 15 seconds. 1:31:51 Cool. I guess I I switched so now 1:31:53 everyone can see. So, this was this was 1:31:56 a really good video, good performing 1:31:57 video on this channel. Not like a crazy, 1:31:59 not in the millions, but pretty pretty 1:32:01 solid video. So, let's explain why this 1:32:02 was a good hook and where the potential 1:32:06 areas for a problem could have been. So, 1:32:08 the spoken hook was Malben Golf made 30 1:32:10 million last year by following this 1:32:12 unique content strategy called TDS. 1:32:15 Hex hook was Melbourne golf $30 million 1:32:17 content strategy. Visual hook cinematic 1:32:20 images of Malbourne's content which 1:32:22 reiterates the content strategy was 1:32:24 pretty good. Okay, so very aligned 1:32:27 immediate context that the video is 1:32:28 about to share a content strategy about 1:32:30 a golf brand that was successful. 1:32:32 Comprehension was maxed and the hook 1:32:35 components aligned super well. The 1:32:37 contrast here was that they did 1:32:39 something again like they had a strategy 1:32:40 that you may not know. the knowing 1:32:42 versus not knowing. That's a that's a 1:32:44 very very common contrast. Now, here's 1:32:46 here's why I think this was good, not 1:32:48 great. 1:32:50 He tried to name his strategy TDS. 1:32:53 Immediately, if you don't follow what 1:32:55 that is or know the words, you could be 1:32:57 confused. Also, if you don't know this 1:33:00 brand, it holds way less weight, right? 1:33:02 And so, that's that's a potential con as 1:33:04 well. He's going for a more niche 1:33:06 marketing content type. He's not going 1:33:08 for billions in the TAM, right? So, it's 1:33:11 a little bit narrower of an idea, but in 1:33:12 terms of clarity, if you're interested 1:33:14 in content strategy, saying X brand did 1:33:17 Y dollars using Z content strategy, 1:33:20 that's a really great structure spoken 1:33:22 wise that you can be very clear on. And 1:33:24 then if the visuals reinforce that, 1:33:26 that's great. So, that's why this was a 1:33:28 good hook. Um, let's go to the next one. 1:33:33 I'm going to just put it here for now 1:33:34 while I pick. I'm going to scroll down a 1:33:36 bunch. 1:33:39 Okay. Now, this one is a bit more 1:33:41 unique. This one is 1:33:46 this one is a an AI studying tool. Like 1:33:50 this is a DTOC 1:33:52 it's not a TTOC product but it's like 1:33:54 for consumers like consumer software. 1:33:56 It's an AI studying tool. So, I want you 1:33:58 to go look at this one and let's watch 1:34:00 this. 1:34:02 saw this guy trying to watch I saw this 1:34:04 guy trying to watch our for our lecture 1:34:06 before class. So I showed him this AI 1:34:09 tool that does it for you in seconds. 1:34:11 Copy your video link. Go to your Okay, 1:34:14 let's play it one more time. And I'm 1:34:16 trying to give you a range of types of 1:34:17 videos, right? So this is like something 1:34:18 we've never we have not gone over at 1:34:20 all. Let's watch it one more time. I saw 1:34:22 this guy trying to watch our for our 1:34:24 lecture before class. So I showed him 1:34:26 this AI tool that does it for you in 1:34:28 seconds. Okay. 1:34:31 Okay. in the chat. Good or bad? And if 1:34:33 bad, let's say good or bad. If bad, why? 1:34:35 If good. You don't have to say why good 1:34:37 because that was that was the point of 1:34:39 the workshop. 1:34:41 We're all clear on why good. All right, 1:34:43 we'll give it 10 more seconds. 1:34:51 Okay, so this was a terrible hook. The 1:34:54 worst. The worst on the list. 700 views 1:34:57 total. You can probably tell from the 1:34:59 number of likes. It was It was weak. 1:35:00 Now, why was this so bad? Let's analyze 1:35:01 why this was bad. So, the spoken hook 1:35:03 was an AI voice, obviously AI, that 1:35:05 said, "I saw this guy trying to watch 1:35:07 our 4-hour lecture before class." 1:35:10 Captions, they had no text on there. It 1:35:12 was just captions only. And then the 1:35:14 visual hook was inworld B-roll 1:35:17 of them opening a door to a lecture. 1:35:19 They walked over to a student and then 1:35:21 the student was like doing something on 1:35:22 the computer. Okay, so why did this why 1:35:24 did this flop? For one, the AI voice 1:35:26 sounds extremely fake. the pacing and 1:35:28 intonation made it kind of hard to 1:35:29 actually hear what was being said. So 1:35:31 that's like a pure clarity problem on 1:35:33 the speech were not great. Two, the 1:35:36 framing of the sentence cramming to 1:35:38 watch a 4-hour lecture before class 1:35:40 makes no sense. You can't cram and also 1:35:43 watch a 4-hour lecture. That doesn't 1:35:44 that doesn't make sense. So that's that 1:35:46 was confusing to me. And then also 1:35:48 there's no contrast to the potential 1:35:49 solution until the third sentence. So 1:35:52 the speed for them to get to the point 1:35:54 was too long. For all those reasons, I 1:35:57 thought it was a terrible hook. I also 1:35:59 thought the visuals didn't show what it 1:36:01 was quick enough. So, a better option 1:36:03 would have just been been to go straight 1:36:05 to it. My friend just showed me how to 1:36:06 cram for class and then right away 1:36:09 you're they're cramming tighter, clearer 1:36:12 visual match. So, that was an example of 1:36:14 one that I thought was really poorly 1:36:16 executed for like an AI software kind of 1:36:18 UGC uh style video. Okay. Now, 1:36:22 I know people are gonna have to people 1:36:24 probably gonna have to drop. So, I'll 1:36:26 take suggestions in the chat of which 1:36:28 category you guys want me to do next. 1:36:30 We've got AI automation agency. 1:36:35 We've got podcast clips, personal brand, 1:36:38 we've got a wellness clinic, mortgage or 1:36:41 real estate firm, design agency, tech 1:36:44 and AI, gen pop, or just general 1:36:46 storytelling. I I may have I may have 1:36:49 opened up a a nightmare scenario for 1:36:51 Melvin, but if if any I'm seeing an 1:36:55 overwhelming want for the AI automation 1:36:57 agency for sure, and then while you go 1:36:59 through that, I'll try to parse through 1:37:01 the rest. All right. So, I'll put this 1:37:03 on here for now to uh to hide it. All 1:37:05 right. So, you know, it's going to be 1:37:06 about AI automation. One is good, one is 1:37:09 bad. So, let's pick one here. 1:37:15 Okay. Here we go. 1:37:18 All right. And and the Tik Tok comments 1:37:20 are coming in crazy, so sorry for that. 1:37:21 Okay, let's watch this one. 1:37:24 I gota get the sound on. 1:37:29 Okay, here we go. I'm going to show you 1:37:31 how you can create videos from simple 1:37:33 prompts in seconds. All right, we're 1:37:34 going to start by heading to 1:37:35 ai.invideo.io. 1:37:37 We're going to All right, let's try one 1:37:39 more. One more time. I'm going to show 1:37:41 you how you can create videos from 1:37:42 simple prompts in seconds. All right. 1:37:44 Okay. So, this was an example of just a 1:37:46 single like a single liner to show like 1:37:48 could it be could it be quick? 1:38:00 All right, let's switch back to this. 1:38:01 Okay, so this video got 1.6 million 1:38:04 views. And the the crazy thing is when 1:38:07 you watch some of these hooks, you're 1:38:08 like, well, there's no way. Like, that 1:38:09 felt so easy. But if you really analyze 1:38:11 it through the frame we just learned, it 1:38:13 makes a lot of sense, right? Right. So, 1:38:14 the spoken hook on this one was I'm 1:38:16 going to show you how to create videos 1:38:17 from from simple prompts in seconds. 1:38:20 Text hook didn't have one, just 1:38:22 captions. Visual hook creator A-roll 1:38:25 slow zoom looks offcreen as a 1:38:28 transition. So, like this was as low 1:38:31 frills as it gets. So, if you're if 1:38:34 you're show if you're somebody who's 1:38:36 trying to make AI content, AI like 1:38:38 automation content and you're like, I 1:38:40 don't want to spend a lot of time with 1:38:40 the graphics and visuals. When you do 1:38:42 your research and you see this and 1:38:43 you're like, "Wait a second, there was 1:38:45 only captions. The visual was just him 1:38:47 and he only said one sentence and it got 1:38:49 1.6 million bing." Like that should 1:38:50 light off something in your head like, 1:38:52 "Yo, there's something here in the words 1:38:54 he said that were great." So, let's 1:38:55 analyze why the words were so great. 1:38:59 First, it's super clear and impossible 1:39:02 to misunderstand. I'm going to show you 1:39:03 how you can create videos from simple 1:39:05 prompts. Create videos from simple 1:39:07 prompts in seconds. Impossible to 1:39:09 misunderstand. Extremely clear. also 1:39:11 very simple, but that's kind of the 1:39:13 point. Anyone who watches just that and 1:39:15 then watches him go kind of to the next 1:39:17 sentence where he starts screen sharing 1:39:18 immediately you're like okay I'm gonna 1:39:20 I'm gonna show this. He also says for 1:39:22 you. He says I'm in this case but not in 1:39:25 the context of him. He's like I'm going 1:39:26 to show you how you can create simple 1:39:28 prompts in seconds. So it's for you. 1:39:30 Anyone who's trying to create content 1:39:31 for you and in the contrast is the 1:39:35 wasn't possible now is possible. Right? 1:39:38 So if you hear create videos in seconds, 1:39:41 anyone that makes videos is like videos 1:39:43 take hours. He's saying in seconds. 1:39:44 Massive contrast. I'm hooked. It really 1:39:47 is that simple in terms of like making 1:39:49 sure that's clear. Now if he said, "Hey 1:39:51 guys, I just found something. It's going 1:39:53 to be really wild. I'm going to show 1:39:54 you." If you started with that sentence, 1:39:56 you should just cut that first sentence 1:39:57 because that doesn't give any top any 1:39:58 context and it also doesn't help set up 1:40:01 the contrast, right? So this is an 1:40:03 example of like simple but effective. 1:40:07 Cool. Um, let's just go to the bad one 1:40:09 from the same guy right here. 1:40:16 I'm gonna explain why I think this one 1:40:18 didn't work. 1:40:20 What if I told you I created this entire 1:40:22 website in just 30 seconds? I used 1:40:25 durables AI. Okay, one one second. What 1:40:28 if I told you I created this entire 1:40:30 website in just 30 seconds? Okay. Why 1:40:34 Why do you feel like this didn't work? 1:40:36 Why do you feel like this didn't work 1:40:37 well? Write in the chat. 1:40:50 Cool. Let me switch back. 1:40:53 Okay. So, he goes he goes, "What if I 1:40:55 told you I created their entire website 1:40:56 in just 30 sec? I created this entire 1:40:58 website just 30 seconds. Zero zero uh 1:41:01 text hook, just captions, visual. 1:41:04 started full screen, then split screen, 1:41:05 and then he had him on the bottom and he 1:41:08 had like a really terrible looking 1:41:09 website on the top. Right? That was the 1:41:10 visual. So, here's why this flopped. 1:41:13 This entire thing was building context 1:41:17 around look how crazy of a thing I could 1:41:19 do in 30 seconds. But the visual was 1:41:21 trash. So, immediately it ruins the 1:41:24 curiosity that had been built. The first 1:41:27 one he said, "I'm going to show you how 1:41:28 you can make videos from simple prompts 1:41:30 in seconds." He didn't show the video. 1:41:32 Now, as soon as he showed a video that 1:41:34 was bad, you'd probably bounce. If the 1:41:36 video was good, you would stay. So, in a 1:41:38 way, he was creating like a promise with 1:41:41 the contrast, but then didn't deliver on 1:41:43 it, which feels like a bait and switch. 1:41:45 So, that's a huge problem. And then the 1:41:48 hook and plain implies he's going to 1:41:50 create, he's going to explain that he 1:41:52 did create the website, but what isn't 1:41:54 clear is that if he's going to explain 1:41:56 how after one sentence, you're still not 1:41:58 sure. Is he going to do like a tutorial 1:41:59 of the tool? Is he going to show you how 1:42:01 he made the website? Is he gonna show 1:42:02 you something? It's like not immediately 1:42:04 clear. A better option for him would 1:42:06 have been something like people are 1:42:08 building entire websites like this one 1:42:10 in 30 seconds. And then the key is this 1:42:12 one has to be actually good. If the if 1:42:14 the tool doesn't work, you can't frame 1:42:16 it that way. So that's an example of a 1:42:19 bad hook. And I think it was bad because 1:42:21 of the misalignment. The the words were 1:42:24 suggesting good, the visuals were 1:42:26 showing bad, completely misaligned 1:42:28 viewer bounces. 1:42:30 Cool. Um, Melvin, what's the next what's 1:42:33 the next one we should do? Yeah, the 1:42:35 next three in this order is 1:42:37 storytelling, 1:42:39 personal brand, podcast. 1:42:42 Okay. All right, let's go to 1:42:43 storytelling. So, let's start with the 1:42:46 good one. 1:42:50 Okay, this video got like a million 1:42:52 views. Let's watch this. Last month, I 1:42:56 have been in one of the biggest slumps 1:42:57 of my life. I've procrastinated all of 1:42:59 my work. woke up at 10:00 a.m., stayed 1:43:00 up until like 3:00 a.m. playing. Okay, 1:43:03 he kind of gets into the video right 1:43:04 away. Let's do the hug one more time. 1:43:06 Last month, I have been in one of the 1:43:08 biggest slumps of my life. I 1:43:09 procrastinated all of my work, woke up 1:43:11 at 10:00 a.m., stayed up until like 3:00 1:43:12 a.m. playing mobile gear. And here, 1:43:15 okay, so 1:43:17 why, before I switch back to this, why 1:43:20 do you think this hook worked? 1:43:24 Why did this work? 1:43:27 Cool. 1:43:37 So, let's explain it. So, he goes, "For 1:43:39 the past month, I've been in one of the 1:43:40 biggest slumps of my life. Text hook, 1:43:43 which is captions, visual hook, full 1:43:46 a-roll with the creator. Why did this 1:43:48 work so well? The spoken hook and the 1:43:50 visual hook felt super aligned. He said 1:43:52 he was in a big slump and then he was 1:43:54 laying in a messy room which indicated a 1:43:56 slump. His eyes were down. He was he 1:43:58 looked tired. Visually it reinforced the 1:44:02 concept. So you had alignment. The 1:44:04 spoken hook and the premise was 1:44:06 extremely relatable. This is one where 1:44:08 even though he spoke from an I, me 1:44:10 versus you, it was largely relatable 1:44:13 because he was showing the you. Like if 1:44:16 he could have what would have made this 1:44:18 slightly better is if he said if you've 1:44:20 been in a slump for the last three 1:44:21 months here's what you can do. But this 1:44:23 one worked so well because he was so 1:44:25 clear. I've been in a slump. Immediately 1:44:28 you're like okay it's about slump. Is he 1:44:30 going to tell me how to get out of the 1:44:30 slump? That's what came in the next 1:44:32 sentence. So the thing with storytelling 1:44:34 videos is there's a little bit more 1:44:37 grace to make it about you instead of 1:44:39 the value. Because if you just do 1:44:42 storytelling videos about your life, 1:44:44 most people are there for you as the 1:44:47 character in some way. So it's you have 1:44:50 a little bit more grace with the I, me 1:44:52 versus you, your but. But I think topic 1:44:54 clarity and the alignment is critical. 1:44:56 Like you have to have the visuals align. 1:44:58 If he said I've been in a slump, but he 1:45:00 was riding a roller coaster, you'd be 1:45:02 like, "This makes no sense." You bounce, 1:45:03 right? So him reinforcing visually that 1:45:05 there was a slump, that was key. Now, I 1:45:08 went through his channel and I found one 1:45:11 that I don't think he did very well. 1:45:12 This is from a little bit ago. Let's 1:45:14 watch this one. And again, like I just 1:45:16 want to reinforce each bucket is a 1:45:19 little different, right? Storytelling is 1:45:20 one of those I added it because people 1:45:22 in SFA really wanted me to, but 1:45:24 storytelling is one of those like a 1:45:26 little bit of an outlier type category 1:45:28 because you're mostly telling stories 1:45:30 about your own life typically. So, 1:45:32 sometimes there's more of the me I stuff 1:45:34 in it. Let's just watch this one. 1:45:39 I've really learned the power of in the 1:45:41 past year is thought habits. Now, we've 1:45:43 all heard of the power of like regular 1:45:45 habits. 1:45:48 Really learned the power of in the past 1:45:50 year is thought habits. So, he said 1:45:53 something I've really learned the power 1:45:54 of in the last year is thought habits. 1:45:57 Right. That's what he said. 1:45:59 What what's what's our take on why we 1:46:02 think that wasn't great? 1:46:04 Cool. 1:46:13 Let me share. Okay. So, something I've 1:46:17 learned the spoken hook. Something I've 1:46:18 I've really learned the powered last 1:46:19 year is thought habits. Text hook was 1:46:22 6:32 a.m. March 20th. Visual hook was 1:46:25 creator B-roll like getting changed with 1:46:27 his voice over. Here's why I think this 1:46:30 hook flopped. The visual text and spoken 1:46:32 hooks were completely misaligned. The 1:46:34 visual showed the creator getting 1:46:36 dressed in his room. The text hook set a 1:46:38 time and a date, pretty random. The 1:46:40 spoken hook talked about something 1:46:41 called thought habits. There was no 1:46:43 connectivity between those. So, it 1:46:44 wasn't very compelling to stay and it 1:46:46 wasn't clear what was coming. The hook 1:46:48 was framed in a me eye in this case also 1:46:51 and introduced a confusing concept. I 1:46:54 think what's more important for this one 1:46:55 is not the MI, it's the thought habits. 1:46:57 What are thought habits? He made up that 1:46:59 term. It's not clear what it is. So 1:47:00 you're completely confused after one 1:47:02 sentence and the visuals were mixed. So 1:47:04 at this point I think the comprehension 1:47:07 was low and there was just a lot of 1:47:08 people that just swiped right through 1:47:10 it. It didn't have it didn't hold you in 1:47:11 that way. So I think a better way to 1:47:13 hook this one would have been to say all 1:47:15 you need in order to be successful is to 1:47:17 master your thought habits. This at 1:47:19 least frames it you your and then I 1:47:21 think you would have to use a visual 1:47:22 that maps out what thought habits are or 1:47:25 him in a journal like drawing something 1:47:28 that relates to thought habits, right? 1:47:29 if you wanted to make a video around 1:47:30 this idea. So, this is an example of 1:47:33 like storytelling around a concept that 1:47:36 most people don't know is tough. The 1:47:39 alignment is critical in getting it to 1:47:41 land. 1:47:44 Cool. Were these So, I I'll keep going, 1:47:46 but so far, can I get another rating out 1:47:49 of 10? Are these examples helping in 1:47:51 terms of it's reinforcing the concepts 1:47:54 and like really showing with proof what 1:47:56 what makes sense and what doesn't? 1:48:00 Okay. Awesome. Cool. All right. Um, 1:48:03 storytelling was number one. What was 1:48:04 number two? Personal brand, you said. 1:48:07 Yeah. 1:48:09 Okay. Personal brand. Let's go through 1:48:11 these. So, let's start with the bad one 1:48:13 on this one. 1:48:16 Okay. This is a guy rob the bank. Pretty 1:48:19 pretty funny guy if you ever seen this 1:48:20 guy. So, let's play this one. 1:48:25 Economy is about to tank. And here's 1:48:27 everything you need to know. This isn't 1:48:28 fear-mongering. Politicians inflated the 1:48:30 housing market. All right. And then some 1:48:33 of these are pretty quick, but let's 1:48:34 play one more time. 1:48:38 Economy is about to tank. And here's 1:48:39 everything you need to know. This isn't 1:48:41 fear-mongering. Politicians infl Okay. 1:48:44 So, why do we think this wasn't great? 1:48:57 biceps weren't big enough. That's my 1:48:59 that's my favorite answer. Okay, let's 1:49:01 uh let's go back to the doc. So, this is 1:49:04 what he said. The economy is about to 1:49:05 tank and here's everything you need to 1:49:06 know. Text hook, which is captions on 1:49:09 the screen. Visual hook. It was visuals 1:49:11 of the creator pointing to money on the 1:49:14 screen and then pointing back to him 1:49:16 flexing is what the sequence was. So, 1:49:19 why did this not work? The link between 1:49:21 saying the economy is tanking and him 1:49:24 flexing makes zero sense. Makes no 1:49:26 sense. And so what what he was trying to 1:49:29 do, if you really analyze it, is he was 1:49:31 showing him making money on a screen and 1:49:33 saying the economy is tanking. I'm 1:49:35 making money. If you want to beat the 1:49:37 economy, follow my thing is what he was 1:49:38 trying to say. But the flexing thing 1:49:40 completely erodess any clarity on what 1:49:43 you're going to get from this. And so 1:49:44 immediately when you see it, you're 1:49:45 like, "Ah, what is this?" And and you go 1:49:47 next. And it may seem in a vacuum like, 1:49:50 oh, 3 seconds, people will watch for 1:49:52 longer. The average watch time on these 1:49:53 types of videos is like 7 seconds. So, 1:49:55 people are really not giving a ton of 1:49:57 time to you to kind of understand what's 1:50:00 going on. So, to me, that was the 1:50:01 biggest reason why it was so confusing. 1:50:03 I actually think the spoken hook was not 1:50:05 bad. The economy is about to tank and 1:50:07 here's everything you need to know. That 1:50:08 in a vacuum is pretty good, but showing 1:50:10 flexing makes no sense to that, right? 1:50:13 So, I think a better option would have 1:50:16 been same spoken hook, but a different 1:50:17 visual to reflect the economy tanking. 1:50:19 Either if you wanted to go faceless, a 1:50:21 movie clip from Wolf of Wall Street when 1:50:23 the market's tanking and they're going 1:50:24 crazy, or some B-roll clip of him that 1:50:27 fits more with the message, maybe like 1:50:28 him at the desk, it's red, he's like 1:50:30 head in his hands, right? Reinforcing 1:50:32 the emotion and the clarity that he's 1:50:34 trying to build. So, I I saw somebody in 1:50:37 the in the comments, write, can you 1:50:39 explain the contrast? The contrast here 1:50:41 is the economy is tanking. He knows 1:50:44 something about it that you don't. So 1:50:45 that contrast is actually pretty good. I 1:50:46 think this is this was an alignment 1:50:48 problem on the pieces. So that's that's 1:50:50 one. Let's do the good one from the same 1:50:53 guy. 1:50:56 This style he's been making recently has 1:50:58 been crushing where he's just like 1:50:59 sitting here 1:51:01 posturing I guess in one spot. But um 1:51:04 let's let me try to pause this. Here we 1:51:05 go. Make fake scenarios in your head 1:51:08 before you go to sleep. It's a sign of 1:51:09 mental illness. While if you lie awake 1:51:11 at night replaying your day's mistakes, 1:51:13 it's a reflection of your desire for 1:51:14 personal growth and perfection. 1:51:16 One more time. Scenarios in your head 1:51:19 before you go to sleep, it's a sign of 1:51:20 mental illness. While if you lie awake 1:51:22 at night replaying your day's mistakes, 1:51:24 it's a reflection of your desire for 1:51:25 personal growth and perfection. You 1:51:27 Okay, so let's actually before I go into 1:51:31 this, what do you think he did better on 1:51:33 this one than he did on the previous 1:51:36 one? Like why why is why is this one a 1:51:39 200x higher performer 1:51:43 or 80 8 not 80x 1:51:51 cool so this is what he said if you make 1:51:54 fake scenarios in your head before you 1:51:55 go to sleep it's a sign of mental 1:51:56 illness captions same as uh like it was 1:52:01 just captions no no text no title text 1:52:03 visual hook um basically just straight 1:52:06 of him and then he switched to the the 1:52:08 movie clip. So, and he had uplifting 1:52:11 music which I think was was pretty key 1:52:13 here. So, why did this work? The context 1:52:15 is immediately clear that the creator is 1:52:17 going to share some insights around why 1:52:19 creating fake scenarios before sleep is 1:52:21 a problem. Right away, you if you make 1:52:23 fake scenarios before bed, couldn't be 1:52:25 clearer. If that's you and you're like, 1:52:27 "Oh, I do that." Immediately, you're 1:52:28 locked in. If it's not you, you're off. 1:52:30 But that's that's kind of the point. The 1:52:32 curiosity loop here is built by 1:52:34 contrasting people that do this versus 1:52:36 people that don't. And then the next 1:52:37 sentence he says, but if you do 1:52:39 something else, it means this. So he 1:52:40 actually built the contrast in in the in 1:52:42 the first two lines. This is just me 1:52:44 analyzing the first one line. So to me 1:52:48 this when you start looking at things in 1:52:50 terms of variables, it becomes very 1:52:51 clear. The winning hooks, they do the on 1:52:55 the onarget context and the contrast 1:52:58 with curiosity extremely well every 1:53:01 time. and they have max alignment across 1:53:04 all four components. Every hook, every 1:53:06 good hook has that. So that's an example 1:53:09 of personal brand. Now the a question 1:53:12 people may have in the chat like if I'm 1:53:15 going to make content for a personal 1:53:17 brand, what do I make? That may be a 1:53:19 question on your mind. That's a separate 1:53:20 workshop. That's all about ideas, 1:53:22 picking the right ideas and how do you 1:53:24 develop those ideas? That's something 1:53:26 separate. We cover that in SFA, but 1:53:28 maybe in the future I'll do a workshop 1:53:29 like this, but all on ideas. Right now, 1:53:32 it's just about like we have the idea 1:53:35 given to us. He's deciding to talk about 1:53:37 the fake scenarios thing. He's chosen 1:53:40 this kind of style. How does he execute 1:53:42 the hook? That's what we're talking 1:53:43 about here. I just saw that in the chat. 1:53:45 So, that's why I wanted to say that. 1:53:47 Okay. So, that's personal brand. Uh what 1:53:49 was the third one? 1:53:52 Podcast. 1:53:54 Podcast. Okay. So, here's here's a 1:53:57 couple clips from Steven Bartlett, Diary 1:53:59 of a CEO. Now, this guy's got like a 1:54:00 hundred people in the in the company. 1:54:02 So, his bad ones are still hundreds of 1:54:05 thousands, but it's all relative in 1:54:07 terms of order of magnitude. So, first I 1:54:09 want to play the good one. 1:54:15 I've interviewed hundreds and hundreds 1:54:16 of people and I've never ever met 1:54:17 someone who has the perspective on life 1:54:19 that you have. You you are truly unique. 1:54:22 Okay, let's play one more time. 1:54:26 interviewed hundreds and hundreds of 1:54:28 people and I've never ever met someone 1:54:29 who has the perspective on life that you 1:54:31 have. You you are truly unique. Okay. 1:54:33 Well, in the chat, why do you think why 1:54:36 do you think this was pretty effective 1:54:38 other than the fact that it was Mr. 1:54:39 Beast? 1:54:47 So, I'll I'll switch back to this. So, 1:54:49 he said, "I've interviewed hundreds of 1:54:50 people. I've never met someone who has a 1:54:52 perspective on life that you have. 1:54:53 You're truly unique. No text hook. Two 1:54:56 angles of the creator. Why did this 1:54:57 work? The context is immediately clear 1:54:59 that something is going to be revealed 1:55:01 about this person that is rare and 1:55:02 unusual. Right away, you can be like, 1:55:04 "Okay, he's going to reveal some 1:55:05 secret." That's that's a classic like 1:55:08 secret hook. And the contrast is 1:55:10 embedded in the frame. I've interviewed 1:55:12 hundreds of people. You are not like 1:55:14 them. You verse them. Creating that 1:55:16 contrast. You're curious because of the 1:55:19 you versus them. He said if he said uh 1:55:23 you have a strange perspective on life 1:55:25 that doesn't really deepen the curiosity 1:55:27 as much as being like I've interviewed 1:55:28 hundreds of people and nobody thinks 1:55:30 like you like that's a complete he's 1:55:32 expanding the contrast right so that's 1:55:35 the good version 1:55:37 um the bad version is this one or the 1:55:39 worst version we'll say 1:55:42 seen patients cooking a meal in their 1:55:44 sleep driven in their sleep committed 1:55:46 crimes in their sleep so what is the 1:55:48 story of Kenneth with parks. 1:55:51 All right, so let's watch this one more 1:55:52 time. 1:55:55 Seen patients cooking a meal in their 1:55:57 sleep, who driven in their sleep, 1:55:58 committed crimes in their sleep. So what 1:56:01 is the story of Kenneth Parks? All 1:56:03 right. Why do we think why do we think 1:56:04 this is a a worse worse hook? 1:56:12 I'll cut to the chase. The biggest 1:56:13 reason is that the connection between 1:56:15 the points is very unclear. So 1:56:17 contextually, he's the guy's like, "I've 1:56:19 seen people cooking their sleep, driving 1:56:21 to sleep. Kenneth Parks." He's like, 1:56:22 "Who who is Kenneth Parks? What does 1:56:23 that have to do with anything? How is it 1:56:25 connected? You're completely confused." 1:56:27 Now, this type of video is probably a 1:56:29 trailer or a teaser, but he should have 1:56:30 cut it around one topic. Not I think the 1:56:34 idea of making podcast clips where 1:56:36 you're just taking the uh most 1:56:39 interesting points curated by you and 1:56:41 splicing them all together makes no 1:56:42 sense because the viewer can't get a 1:56:45 single seed of clarity or context of 1:56:47 what they're going to get out of the 1:56:48 video. So, to me, like that's why this 1:56:51 video did not do very well. Um, I would 1:56:53 have made the whole video around sleep 1:56:55 time, which is what the expert was 1:56:57 talking about. So, before I keep going 1:56:59 on to any other examples, um, maybe 1:57:03 Melvin, do you want to look at the Q&A? 1:57:05 Like, is there anything in the Q&A 1:57:06 that's we should address right now? 1:57:11 The Q&A or the chat because there's um 1:57:14 nothing really in the the chat. Nothing 1:57:17 in the Q&A. Okay, cool. Um, yeah, we can 1:57:20 do we can do the last couple here. And 1:57:21 then also, as a reminder, at the bottom 1:57:23 of this doc, I took some of the 1:57:25 questions from the Luma uh like from 1:57:29 from when you signed up, everybody had 1:57:32 the chance to write a question. If you 1:57:33 put a question in there that wasn't 1:57:35 directly answered in the curriculum, I 1:57:36 went ahead and answered some of those 1:57:37 questions here. So, when you get this 1:57:40 doc, just scroll down and you'll be able 1:57:42 to see the answers there. Um, but yeah. 1:57:46 Are there any is there anything in the 1:57:47 chat, Melvin, that people are asking 1:57:50 that's kind of like a broad question 1:57:51 that we haven't really covered? Are we 1:57:52 good? So, we do have a bunch in the Q&A. 1:57:56 Yeah, Q&A. Yeah. Yeah. So, just uh sort 1:57:59 them by up votes. All right. Let me let 1:58:03 me just flip to the Q&A then. Uh make 1:58:05 sure we cover this. 1:58:09 One second. 1:58:12 We probably don't have enough time to go 1:58:14 through all of them, but we could 1:58:15 probably mow down a couple. Yeah. What 1:58:18 I'm thinking is so the other examples 1:58:19 that I haven't gone through, I touched 1:58:21 almost all the categories, but the ones 1:58:22 I haven't gone through, you're going to 1:58:24 get this doc. You can click and open 1:58:25 them and then see the analysis. So, I 1:58:27 feel like we we've covered a decent 1:58:29 amount of them. Uh there's probably 24. 1:58:31 We've probably done like over half. So, 1:58:33 let me flip to the questions just to be 1:58:35 conscious of everyone's time. I'm going 1:58:36 to flip through the questions, answer 1:58:37 some of those, and then we'll we'll wrap 1:58:38 up. um if everyone's good with that. So 1:58:42 the first question is hooks for short 1:58:44 form versus long form. Any differences? 1:58:46 How should we think about long form 1:58:47 hooks differently? So long form long 1:58:50 form is a completely different animal. 1:58:52 Long form it's less about hooks, more 1:58:53 about the intro. And when I think about 1:58:55 long form YouTube, the intro is kind of 1:58:57 the first 30 to 60 seconds, maybe 20 to 1:59:01 20 to 45 secondsish. You still want to 1:59:03 use the same psychology that we talked 1:59:05 about here, which is clarity of topic 1:59:07 and then building curiosity through 1:59:09 contrast. It's still the same 1:59:11 principles, but executing it via long 1:59:13 form. There's a separate formula. So, 1:59:15 I'm actually working on building a full 1:59:17 curriculum for YouTube long form videos 1:59:20 that'll come out probably in the next 1:59:22 month or so. And in there, I'm going to 1:59:24 deep dive fully on all of that for long 1:59:26 form. but it's a the psychology 1:59:28 principles are the same but it's kind of 1:59:30 apples and oranges in terms of the 1:59:32 execution 1:59:33 for anyone that was wondering that. Um, 1:59:36 next question. Would love any tips for 1:59:37 hooks on educational or tutorial 1:59:39 content. So, 1:59:42 this is a huge rabbit hole that we 1:59:44 probably don't have time to go down now. 1:59:46 A couple things I will say is 1:59:48 educational content works best when you 1:59:51 aggravate the pain that the person 1:59:53 hasn't solved and then immediately tease 1:59:56 that you have some solution or framework 1:59:59 to solve it that's different and then 2:00:01 getting right into the framework or 2:00:03 solution that that's the best way to do 2:00:05 educational like tutorial content. So, 2:00:08 if you're like, 2:00:10 let's say you're the tutorial is like 2:00:12 how to build a blender at home. You 2:00:14 could either be like, here's how to 2:00:15 build a blender. That's one way to do it 2:00:17 and that might work, but that requires 2:00:19 that's good for context, but it requires 2:00:21 someone being like, okay, I don't know 2:00:22 how to do a blender. Do I care about 2:00:23 that? Do I know? They're kind of like 2:00:25 building it. So, if you wanted to 2:00:26 aggravate the pain a little bit more, in 2:00:28 theory, this is like a silly example, 2:00:29 but you'd be like, if you struggle to 2:00:31 blend or if you if you struggle to make 2:00:34 smoothies at home or like if if you 2:00:35 can't find the right blender to make 2:00:37 smoothies at home, you should use this. 2:00:38 Here's how you could build one from 2:00:40 scratch. Here's how to do it. Right? So, 2:00:41 there's kind of two ways to do tutorial 2:00:43 stuff. It's directly right at it, full 2:00:45 context, assuming implied contrast, or 2:00:48 you try to build more of that contrast 2:00:50 directly with the you restating the pain 2:00:53 point. Those are the two ways to do it. 2:00:55 Um, in Sand Castles, in the next update, 2:00:58 we're going to have a new script writer, 2:01:00 a new hookw writer that breaks out 2:01:02 different types of content by structure. 2:01:05 So, like breakdowns, explainers, 2:01:07 tutorials, case studies, will different 2:01:09 structures. The hookwriter and script 2:01:11 writer will write different stuff based 2:01:12 on the structure. So, I think that'll 2:01:14 help you also with the tutorial stuff. 2:01:18 Cool. Hopefully, that was uh helpful. 2:01:20 That was like a speedrun. Uh, next 2:01:22 question on the visual hook. How 2:01:25 important is it that the creator is 2:01:26 visible straight away? I don't think 2:01:28 it's Here's my take on this. 2:01:31 If you're trying to use educational 2:01:33 content to eventually sell something 2:01:35 based on your expertise, products, 2:01:38 services, information, you want to acrue 2:01:41 as much trust as possible to you as the 2:01:43 creator. You don't want to force 2:01:45 yourself on screen in the detriment of 2:01:47 comprehension. The most important thing 2:01:49 is comprehension. What is the best 2:01:51 absolute best visual we could put on 2:01:53 screen to get somebody clear on what 2:01:55 we're talking about and get them 2:01:56 curious? If you put yourself on screen 2:01:58 and that supersedes something that would 2:02:02 make comprehension go up, don't do that. 2:02:05 I think you if you're trying to acrue 2:02:07 trust to yourself, you can always do 2:02:08 like you in the corner green screen in a 2:02:10 little circle. You can you can make the 2:02:12 connective tissue clear. So I would try 2:02:15 to do that as much as you can without 2:02:16 impeding the comprehension. 2:02:19 Cool. Um, next question. How important 2:02:22 is it to have your face on camera during 2:02:23 the hook? That was the basically the 2:02:24 same thing. Do it if it helps you, but 2:02:27 don't do it if it hurts you. And the 2:02:28 only way to know that is if you watch it 2:02:31 back in silence and you're like, am I 2:02:33 hooked or not? Is this clear or not? Is 2:02:35 the comprehension up or not? Right? So, 2:02:38 I would try both. Um, and I would study 2:02:40 your niche and see what's working in 2:02:42 your niche. And if it's working, I would 2:02:44 replicate that. Um, next question. Do 2:02:48 your hook formats or frameworks differ 2:02:49 based on Tik Tok, Instagram or YouTube? 2:02:52 Uh, we got this question actually in SFA 2:02:54 yesterday. I think a great video is a 2:02:56 great video and nobody can outrun their 2:02:58 psychology no matter where they're 2:02:59 consuming content. So, if you make the 2:03:01 hook following these principles, it 2:03:03 should work everywhere. However, people 2:03:05 are conditioned to see visual patterns 2:03:07 differently on different places. So, Tik 2:03:09 Tok visual patterns are a little bit 2:03:11 more like UGC in the car, in the home. 2:03:14 It's like less produced. So, if you 2:03:16 really want it to work for Tik Tok and 2:03:17 you don't really care about the others, 2:03:19 I would kind of skew the visuals to be a 2:03:21 little bit closer towards what the meta 2:03:23 is there. If you want it to work 2:03:25 everywhere, I would just pick the 2:03:26 absolute highest comprehension. If it's 2:03:28 highly produced, low low produced, it 2:03:30 doesn't matter. I would pick whatever 2:03:31 you can uh that that kind of increases 2:03:34 comprehension. So, personally, I don't 2:03:35 switch the hooks because I'm just trying 2:03:37 to make the best thing I can out up 2:03:39 front and just let it rip. Cool. Um, 2:03:42 next question. How do you write 2:03:44 interesting hooks and rehooks for purely 2:03:47 educational content? 2:03:49 Um, so we kind of talked about this 2:03:51 already. It's all about reagravating the 2:03:54 pain point and then teasing that you 2:03:56 have the solution. It's critical. So if 2:03:58 you're like the example they said is how 2:03:59 to write a good portfolio. You basically 2:04:01 say like if you want to write better 2:04:02 portfolios, you should be doing this, 2:04:04 not this. Or if you struggle to write 2:04:06 portfolios, all you have to do is this. 2:04:08 Those are like two ways to kind of like 2:04:10 really straight up do it. It feels, and 2:04:12 I I probably should have said this 2:04:14 earlier, it feels like you need all this 2:04:16 razledazzle to get people hooked. You 2:04:19 don't. Clarity is way better than being 2:04:21 clever. If you're just straight up with 2:04:23 the clarity and the visuals indicate 2:04:25 that you have something coming that's 2:04:27 worth it, or the text is like framework 2:04:29 incoming dot dot dot, and you say it 2:04:31 straight up, that works. Like people 2:04:33 just can't resist when they have the 2:04:34 problem that you're talking about. 2:04:37 Um, cool. Let's do a couple more here. 2:04:40 Uh, what is the best way to come up with 2:04:42 super simple text hooks on screen for 2:04:44 talking head videos? Honestly, the best 2:04:47 way is to watch videos in your niche and 2:04:49 see what you get hooked by and then take 2:04:51 those text hooks and try to patternize 2:04:54 them. Right? So, if I say let's let's 2:04:57 say for example, all my videos I do the 2:04:59 future of blank, the future of film 2:05:00 making, the future of content, the 2:05:02 future of marketing. If you were 2:05:03 watching my videos and you were trying 2:05:05 to make videos in my space, you could 2:05:07 say, "Okay, the future of X is one text 2:05:11 hook pattern that seems to work. Okay, 2:05:13 cool. You got that." Go through that 2:05:15 five to 10 different options, and you 2:05:17 can then pick and choose from there. The 2:05:19 best is to just straight up say what 2:05:21 it's about in a text hook in three 2:05:23 words, but try to make it so that if you 2:05:26 watched in silence, the text hook alone 2:05:28 would get you interested. Right? That's 2:05:30 that's a good kind of a good frame for 2:05:33 that. 2:05:34 Uh let me re sort this. 2:05:41 Okay. Uh next question is 2:05:45 when do you use a hook geared towards a 2:05:48 general audience verse those for versus 2:05:50 those for your targeted niche? Always 2:05:53 for the always for your target avatar. 2:05:55 General verse narrow is more a question 2:05:57 of tam than it is of focus. If you want 2:06:00 the hook to resonate, you need to target 2:06:02 it at who would find value from it. 2:06:05 Broad versus narrow is more like did you 2:06:07 pick a TAM that's broad, a total 2:06:08 addressable market that's broad. Are you 2:06:11 doing fitness? Very broad. Or are you 2:06:12 doing um writing grants for fundraising? 2:06:17 Very narrow. If you pick the narrow pam, 2:06:21 you need to target that TAM. You 2:06:22 shouldn't intentionally make it less 2:06:24 clear by trying to go broad because that 2:06:26 means your narrow slice will also be 2:06:28 confused, right? So, that's more of a 2:06:30 content strategy avatar question, which 2:06:33 is a little bit of a separate separate 2:06:34 topic. Um, next one. Would love to hear 2:06:38 Callie's take on music and short form as 2:06:40 well. The copyright free stuff never 2:06:42 tends to do as well in my niche. How do 2:06:43 we know if we have alignment? You 2:06:45 actually don't have to use copyright 2:06:46 free music for short form. there's no 2:06:49 there's no copyright uh issue except for 2:06:51 on YouTube for monetization. Um but even 2:06:53 then musicians actually want you to use 2:06:56 their audio because it helps trend it 2:06:59 more and it's good for them. So what I'd 2:07:01 recommend is if you find a song you 2:07:03 like, go on YouTube and search that song 2:07:05 instrumental. find the instrumental 2:07:07 without the lyrics and then if if the 2:07:09 melody is too crazy, use a low pass 2:07:12 filter to kind of mute the the clashing 2:07:16 of the audio. Um, and someone said, "Is 2:07:19 that true for ads?" I'm not sure for 2:07:20 ads. You may not be able to use that for 2:07:22 ads. Um, I found a lot of good songs on 2:07:25 Epidemic Sound. You just kind of have 2:07:26 to, which is a royalty-free site. Art 2:07:29 List also works. You just kind of have 2:07:31 to search um for a while and then just 2:07:34 save four or five. it. You can you can 2:07:37 find plenty good good ones on Epidemic 2:07:39 Sound. 2:07:41 Um, the next one is visuals. How do you 2:07:45 think about copyright? Do you worry 2:07:46 about using visuals? 2:07:49 No, I don't. Because here here's the the 2:07:52 truth is everything on the internet is 2:07:53 one giant melting pot uh one giant 2:07:55 remix. And for short form, if you're 2:08:00 actually ripping someone's video, like 2:08:01 literally 59 seconds full of their stuff 2:08:05 in the comments, just be like, "Yo, 2:08:07 shout out at person." That's the credit, 2:08:09 the hat tip you need. But if you're cut, 2:08:11 like the way I make my videos, I'm 2:08:12 cutting up so much stuff and it's used 2:08:14 for like half a second on the screen. 2:08:16 It's kind of like it's a free-for-all 2:08:18 with short form. Um, and I think that's 2:08:21 just been the accepted meta. So, I don't 2:08:24 really I don't let that constrain me. I 2:08:26 think you can be more original if you 2:08:28 shoot your own stuff, but it obviously 2:08:30 takes longer to shoot your own B-roll. 2:08:31 So, I wouldn't worry too much about that 2:08:33 for short form. Long form, I think it is 2:08:36 matter. It does matter. I mean, the 2:08:37 truth is like there's a format where 2:08:39 people just they take someone's video. 2:08:41 This has happened to me a bunch. I make 2:08:43 a video, it's a banger. They take it, 2:08:45 they put it on the screen over like 2:08:46 twothirds of the screen, and they're at 2:08:48 the top just looking down. They watch my 2:08:50 entire video word for word, sentence for 2:08:52 sentence, full audio. Then at the very 2:08:55 end, they're like, "Cool." And then 2:08:57 that's it. That's their and they get a 2:08:58 ton of views on that. There's really 2:08:59 nothing I can do, right? That's there is 2:09:01 nothing more copyright ripping than 2:09:03 that. And it's just like, yeah, that's 2:09:05 kind of how it goes. You have to just 2:09:06 assume that all the a lot of the credit 2:09:09 will accumulate to the original poster 2:09:11 and like things revert to the mean 2:09:13 typically. 2:09:15 Um, cool. Next one is, how do you apply 2:09:19 these hooks and engagement ideas for 2:09:20 brands as opposed to for individual 2:09:22 creators? Is there a difference? I think 2:09:24 it's the exact same psychology. Ads 2:09:26 versus organic might definitely varies, 2:09:28 but like for organic with a brand, it's 2:09:30 the same psychology. And I actually 2:09:31 think a lot of where brand social 2:09:34 strategy is going is having 2:09:35 in-housefaced creators. Whether or not 2:09:38 they're paid for the brand, the account 2:09:40 is the brand name, or it's like a 2:09:41 separate creator, all of brand social 2:09:43 strategy is going that way. which means 2:09:46 that the future of brand social is a 2:09:48 collective, an umbrella collective of 2:09:51 individuals that are making content for 2:09:53 that brand. So all this would apply for 2:09:56 that. Um to be specific though for like 2:09:58 branded content. I still think 2:10:02 let's let's imagine you're making a a 2:10:04 real on Instagram or a Tik Tok and you 2:10:06 don't want any you don't want any audio 2:10:09 spoken audio. So you just have the 2:10:10 visuals to work with. You still need to 2:10:12 think through what visuals am I going to 2:10:14 show on the screen that creates 2:10:15 immediate context as to what my product 2:10:17 does. Am I showing it in a use case that 2:10:20 differs from what they've used before 2:10:22 which creates the contrast and 2:10:24 curiosity? Like you're still thinking 2:10:26 through these same fundamentals. It's 2:10:28 just executed in a different way because 2:10:29 you might not be speaking. You might not 2:10:31 have a voice over in the branded 2:10:33 content. So that's my that's my thinking 2:10:35 on that. Um is there a promo code for 2:10:38 the short form academy? the the offer 2:10:40 the offer we have is the is the promo 2:10:42 code. After we after we shut the link, 2:10:45 we're retooling and it'll come out at a 2:10:47 much higher price. So like this is the 2:10:49 this is the window right here if you 2:10:52 want to join at this price. 2:10:54 Um the next question, how much of these 2:10:56 hook strategies can be applied to longer 2:10:58 form? I already answered that one. 2:11:00 Um next question, written text on screen 2:11:03 is the most important component of hook. 2:11:05 Can you tell us more about why that is? 2:11:07 Um, so it kind of it's kind of like the 2:11:09 visual package, which is like the text 2:11:10 and the visuals on screen. I think the 2:11:12 written is more important than the 2:11:13 visuals because people read faster than 2:11:15 they can like comprehend visually, 2:11:17 right? So if if if you 2:11:20 I guess you could see this both ways. If 2:11:21 you look at a stop sign, you might see 2:11:23 the red before you see the word stop. 2:11:25 But if you look at a video and there's 2:11:26 big text, the first place you go is on 2:11:28 the text and you're trying to figure out 2:11:30 what it is. Maybe you're like getting 2:11:32 some periphery of the visuals, but 2:11:34 you're really comprehending the text 2:11:35 quicker. So yeah, it kind of goes hand 2:11:38 in hand. It's like the visual text thing 2:11:40 is one bucket and then the spoken is the 2:11:42 other bucket. 2:11:45 Um, cool. Let's keep going. Wow, there 2:11:46 there are a lot of questions. We we'll 2:11:49 keep going until until there's no thumbs 2:11:51 up on the questions. Um, okay. Next one. 2:11:54 How would you take someone who's just 2:11:57 how would you take someone who's just 2:11:58 read their quiz results now that I know 2:12:00 so much about them and hook them into 2:12:02 the larger journey or idea I want to 2:12:05 lead them? I'm not sure what quiz 2:12:07 results. Uh Lawrence, if you're still 2:12:09 on, can you re 2:12:12 reask that uh in the Q&A another way? 2:12:14 I'm not sure what just read their quiz 2:12:17 results. 2:12:19 How would you take someone who's just 2:12:20 read their quiz results now that I know 2:12:21 so much about them and hook them into a 2:12:22 larger journey? I'm assuming I'll just 2:12:24 say what I think you're saying. I think 2:12:25 you're saying they filled out some quiz, 2:12:27 you have more data on them, and so 2:12:29 you're like, how do we rehook them? Um, 2:12:32 that feels like an individual question 2:12:34 in terms of like you're trying to rehook 2:12:35 that one person versus the content is 2:12:37 going to go out to many people. So, I'm 2:12:39 not sure if you're thinking about this 2:12:40 in terms of like an archetype slice 2:12:42 versus the one to many. I think the way 2:12:44 to do it is like the more data you get 2:12:47 back in about what someone's problems 2:12:49 are, the easier it is to make the hook 2:12:51 directly about those problems, agitate 2:12:53 those problems, and then get them 2:12:55 interested. So, that's how I would use 2:12:56 kind of like the feedback that they give 2:12:58 you. 2:13:00 Um, next question. Do you ever reuse 2:13:02 previous winners? Even if a lot of 2:13:04 people are copying them word for word, 2:13:06 uh, the video pops off immediately. 10 2:13:08 to 15 people make a video with the same 2:13:09 hook. Yeah, I think so. I don't copy 2:13:13 other people's stuff. Um, but I 2:13:15 definitely look at other people's stuff 2:13:16 for inspiration and then remix off of 2:13:18 what I think works. If you find 2:13:20 something that works, 2:13:22 milk it dry. like if you if we have 2:13:25 somebody in SFA that's uh mobility coach 2:13:28 and he found this one visual hook format 2:13:32 where he basically squats down and he's 2:13:34 like if you can't do this you got a 2:13:36 problem. He has made that video hundreds 2:13:39 of times like you can't do this and 2:13:40 you're in your 20s. If you can't do this 2:13:41 and you're in your 80s if you can't do 2:13:42 this with your left foot up. Like he 2:13:44 he's made so many of them and it works 2:13:45 every time. It's a banger. So, it's like 2:13:47 if you find something that works, it 2:13:48 it's kind of like if you're running paid 2:13:50 ads, the whole reason to do paid ads is 2:13:52 find a winner and then juice the winner. 2:13:53 So, if you're doing organic and you find 2:13:55 a winner, juice the winner. And the way 2:13:56 to juice it is make that same or a 2:13:58 slight deviation over and over and over 2:14:00 and over until it stops working. So, I 2:14:04 know the question is probably more like 2:14:05 what do you do if people copy you in the 2:14:07 niche? The re the re the reality is most 2:14:09 niches are much bigger than you realize. 2:14:11 And so even a small niche, 50 million 2:14:13 people, your video might have gotten 2:14:14 like 400,000 views or 1 million views 2:14:17 and then a bunch of people rip it. Those 2:14:18 people are not as big as you. So it's 2:14:19 small. It's a drop in the bucket. Like 2:14:22 just keep keep hammering it. People's 2:14:24 brains on short form, they don't retain 2:14:26 the memory of the exact format like over 2:14:29 weeks and months. So you can keep 2:14:31 hammering it and it's fine. 2:14:34 Um, next one. how to make hook or videos 2:14:38 where you teach and educate through your 2:14:39 own stories and experiences. So, this is 2:14:42 something we talked about in SFA the 2:14:44 other day. Um, 2:14:46 essentially my take is that you want to 2:14:49 build the video around value. So, if the 2:14:53 and value being somebody has a pain and 2:14:56 they want to solve that pain, that's 2:14:57 like that's education 101. So what I 2:15:00 like to do is trigger the pain, 2:15:02 reagravate the pain, tease that you have 2:15:04 value, storytell via your experience of 2:15:08 learning that solution, trying a false 2:15:11 solution, and then realizing that 2:15:13 something else worked, learning about 2:15:15 some solution from someone, right? So 2:15:17 it's like tease pain or aggravate pain, 2:15:20 tease solution, explain solution journey 2:15:23 through story. To me, that's like the 2:15:25 rough flow. 2:15:29 Um, how Okay, next one. How can I make 2:15:31 video hooks as simple as possible for my 2:15:33 clients? Most of them have never been in 2:15:34 front of a camera. Yeah. Um, 2:15:39 I think it's as simple as ontarget 2:15:41 curiosity loop. My video froze here. I 2:15:44 think it's as simple as on target 2:15:45 curiosity loop. And you just have to 2:15:46 tell them it's really important that 2:15:50 people are clear on what the video is 2:15:51 going to be about as soon as possible 2:15:53 and that they're interested in wanting 2:15:55 to hear what you have to say. And the 2:15:56 way to get them interested is to tease 2:15:58 that you know something that they don't. 2:16:00 I think that in like two sentences I 2:16:02 think that's the easiest way to simplify 2:16:03 it. And then the execution for a 2:16:07 beginner I think is do extensive 2:16:09 research in the niche. Find what works 2:16:11 remix. Like if you're if you're a huge 2:16:15 mistake is thinking that you have to be 2:16:17 original with every single thing every 2:16:19 single component every single time. the 2:16:21 people that are clinicians and 2:16:23 tacticians at doing this, they have data 2:16:26 teams that are going all out finding the 2:16:28 remix, like finding the outliers, 2:16:30 remixing those outliers. You don't need 2:16:32 like you can you don't you can you you 2:16:34 can remix without copying? And I think 2:16:35 that's the easiest way for beginners. 2:16:39 Um, okay, a couple more. For the spoken 2:16:42 hook, depending on the niche and target 2:16:43 audience, can a less intense tone of 2:16:45 voice also work? You're sharing cutting 2:16:48 edge text, so it aligns. Yeah, a 2:16:49 thousand%. I here's the thing. Like you 2:16:51 can hear my normal voice. It's pretty 2:16:53 pretty monotone. Like I don't have crazy 2:16:55 energy out of the box. So I've got to 2:16:57 like bring myself up a little bit which 2:17:00 makes it a little bit more than on its 2:17:02 own. But you can be way casual. Like you 2:17:05 can be super casual. What I what I find 2:17:07 though is if the pacing is too slow, 2:17:09 you're not going to h you're not going 2:17:10 to hook them. So if you're casual, make 2:17:12 sure you chop the the silences between 2:17:15 your sentences. 2:17:18 Um, okay. Let's do let's do three more. 2:17:21 Number one is, what is the single most 2:17:24 common mindset block that you see in 2:17:26 talented 18 to 20-year-old creators that 2:17:28 sabotages their own success? And what's 2:17:31 the first step you take as a mentor to 2:17:32 help them overcome it? 2:17:34 Uh the biggest mindset block is 2:17:38 trying to figure out the answer before 2:17:40 you've tried to make solutions because I 2:17:43 think what you realize is a the bar is 2:17:45 much lower than what you think and b the 2:17:48 answer is much different than what you 2:17:49 assume and so you kind of just have to 2:17:51 like ready fire aim fire fire and over 2:17:55 time if you're curious enough and like 2:17:57 driven you will you will realize the 2:18:01 path of most people is like this. It's 2:18:02 upward, but it's zigzag. You will 2:18:04 realize which direction is right as you 2:18:07 go. So, I think the the mindset block is 2:18:09 people when they're 18 and 20, they look 2:18:11 at other people and they're like, I'll 2:18:13 never be like them. And so, then they 2:18:14 don't start. They don't actually make 2:18:16 videos. Easiest way to get better is 2:18:18 just to make and then iterate. So, I 2:18:20 think that's the biggest thing. 2:18:23 Um, if my reel is 60 seconds, is there a 2:18:26 rough time frame that I should use to 2:18:27 add rehooks or the but therefore 2:18:30 framework? Typically, I like to do a 2:18:32 rehook every 20 to 30 seconds. So, one 2:18:35 major one in a video was 60 seconds, 2:18:37 maybe two. Um, but it's got to flow 2:18:40 naturally. You can't force it in where 2:18:41 it doesn't make sense. And then the last 2:18:43 question we're we're going to cover is 2:18:46 what's a rate that we should aim for for 2:18:48 the metric of view rate after 3 to 5 2:18:50 seconds. I'm assuming that's uh 2:18:52 percentage completed. 2:18:54 If you're over 70%, I think the video is 2:18:57 going to go huge. I think at the 5-cond 2:18:59 mark is I think it's 72% at the 5-second 2:19:02 mark is the right amount. Anything over 2:19:04 50 is pretty solid after 5 seconds. So, 2:19:07 you should shoot for that. But I think 2:19:09 if you if you write your hooks in the 2:19:10 way based on everything we've talked 2:19:11 about, it'll make a huge difference. 2:19:15 Okay, cool. Um, all right. I know 2:19:17 there's a million more questions. This 2:19:19 is this is the type of thing we do in 2:19:20 SFA, like we just have a Q&A call where 2:19:22 anyone can answer ask questions and we 2:19:23 answer it. So if you have more 2:19:25 questions, that's probably the best\
}