{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .AppleSystemUIFontMonospaced-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green16\blue16;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7843\c7843\c7451;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Yes. I'm super excited!\
\
I've hinted at this for few weeks now...So here we go!!\
\
The doors to The Calm Parent Blueprint are officially open. \uc0\u55356 \u57225 \
\
Over the last week, we dug into some pretty big shifts:\
\
\uc0\u8594  Behavior isn't the enemy, it's a signal\
\uc0\u8594  Discipline has a when, not just a how\
\uc0\u8594  Calm isn't optional \'97 it's the switch that changes everything\
\
If you're like most parents I talk to, you've had that moment.\
\
Perhaps this morning. Your child pushes back, you feel that familiar tightness in your chest, and suddenly you're yelling again \'97 even though you SWORE you wouldn't.\
\
And then comes the guilt. \
\
The "I'm a terrible parent" thoughts. The worry that you're damaging your child...again.\
\
But here's the choice: do you keep collecting parenting strategies that never stick, or do you finally learn a system that works when you're losing it at 7pm?\
\
\
Look, I get it - you've tried stuff before. \
\
But here's why this is different:\
\
\uc0\u10060  Random tips from Instagram \u8594  \u9989  A complete system that works together\
\uc0\u10060  One-size-fits-all advice \u8594  \u9989  Personalized coaching for YOUR family\
\uc0\u10060  "Just BE calm" (really?) \u8594  \u9989  Actual tools for when you feel triggered\
\uc0\u10060  Figuring it out alone \u8594  \u9989  Live support + a community of parents\
\
\
Here's everything inside The Calm Parent Blueprint:\
\
\uc0\u10003  5 Weeks of Live Training + Weekly Group Coaching (Value: $750)\
The complete framework, taught live with real-time Q&A\
\
\uc0\u10003  Complete Implementation System (Value: $300)\
Step-by-step roadmap, worksheets, and tools \'97 no guesswork\
\
\uc0\u10003  Lifetime Access to All Recordings (Value: Priceless)\
Revisit any session, anytime, FOREVER.\
\
\uc0\u10003  All Future Updates Free Forever (Value: Priceless)\
As I refine and expand the program, you get everything automatically\
\
PLUS...\
\
\uc0\u10003  BONUS #1: Private 1:1 Breakthrough Session with Me (Value: $150)\
Personal strategy session tailored to YOUR family's specific challenges\
\
\uc0\u10003  BONUS #2: Follow-up Accountability Call (Value: $150)\
Follow-up support after we finish to make sure things stick\
\
\uc0\u10003  Bonus #3: Custom AI Parenting Tips Tool (Value: $300)\
Real-time support when you need it most \'97 24/7 personalized guidance\
\
\uc0\u10003  Bonus #4: WhatsApp Community + On-going support (Value: $250)\
Connect with other founding members for ongoing support\
\
\uc0\u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \
Total Value: $1,900\
Your Investment Today: $297\
You Save: $1,603 (84%)\
\uc0\u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \
Join The Calm Parent Blueprint Now\
You see, in my 1-on-1 coaching with families in Berlin, I've seen parents go from daily meltdowns (theirs AND their kids') to homes where:\
\
\uc0\u8594  Morning routines take 15 minutes instead of 45\
\uc0\u8594  Bedtime happens without 3 rounds of negotiations\
\uc0\u8594  Parents feel in control without being controlling\
\uc0\u8594  Kids actually LISTEN the first time (most of the time)\
\
Look, these really aren't perfect parents. They're just regular mums and dads in Berlin who learned what you're about to learn.\
\
\
\
So why $297 instead of $1,900?\
\
Honestly? Two things:\
\
One, you're helping me dial this in. This is the founding cohort, and you're getting pricing that'll never be available again.\
\
Two, I want to make it accessible. Private coaching runs \'80150 a session. You'd need 5-6 sessions to get what we're covering here - that's upwards of $750.\
\
But here's what really matters: What's six more months of this costing really you?\
\
\uc0\u8594  The guilt and shame after every time you lose it\
\uc0\u8594  The relationship damage that builds day after day\
\uc0\u8594  The exhaustion of fighting with your kids every morning\
\uc0\u8594  The fear that you're messing them up for life\
\
This is less than most Berlin families spend monthly on after-school activities \'97 and it CHANGES your entire family dynamic forever.\
\
You're also completely protected with my 60-day money-back guarantee. So if you come to every session, try every tool, and don't see real change? I'll refund every penny. \
\
That's how sure I am this works.\
\
Grab Your Spot\
Why does enrollment close on Sunday, October 12th at midnight?\
\
Well, I'm keeping this founding group super small \'97 just 10 spots \'97 so I can work closely with each of you.\
\
And once doors close, I'm shifting all my focus to the parents inside. No distractions, no new launches \'97 just you.\
\
\
So, here's what happens after you join:\
\
\uc0\u55357 \u56517   Our first live session is Tuesday, October 21st\
\uc0\u55357 \u56421   You'll meet the other founding members in our Whatsapp group\
\uc0\u55357 \u56551   You'll get your welcome email with all prep materials\
\
This isn't "buy it and figure it out later." You're joining a live cohort with real support starting immediately.\
\
Yes, I'm Ready to Start\
Here's the bottom line:\
\
Change doesn't happen by accident. Most people hit "later" and later turns into never.\
\
If you want calmer mornings, less yelling, and a relationship with your child you'll be proud of 10 years from now, the moment to start is now.\
I can't wait to meet you! \
\
See you inside.\
\
Warmly,\
\
Sway\
\
P.S. Only 10 spots available. When doors close October 12th at midnight, this founder pricing disappears and won't be offered again. Don't let this be another thing you wish you'd done. [Grab your spot here]}