{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Subject:
\f1\b0  Will this actually work? (Honest answer) 
\f0\b Preview:
\f1\b0  It's not about having 'easy' kids (here's what actually matters)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Quick update from yesterday:\
Okay, real talk\'97I've been stressing about this launch for weeks, and I still can't believe it's actually happening.\
My inbox exploded overnight. Parents asking questions, a few already joined and connecting in the WhatsApp group, others still deciding (which totally makes sense).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 The most common question? It's not always phrased the same way, but it boils down to:
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b "How do I know this will actually work for MY situation?"
\f1\b0 \
And honestly? I love this question. Because it's real.\
It's what we ALL want to know before we invest anything\'97time, money, trust.\

\f0\b Here's what I've noticed after working with enough Berlin families:
\f1\b0 \
The parents who see the fastest shifts aren't the ones with "easy" kids.\
They're the ones willing to look at their own patterns\'97not just their kid's behavior.\

\f0\b Like Frieda\'97Berlin mom with two kids under 5.
\f1\b0  She told me she caught herself mid-yell last week. Just stopped. Reset. That NEVER happened before. Now her mornings went from 45 minutes of battles to 15 minutes of actual cooperation.\

\f0\b Or Markus\'97single dad with a 7-year-old.
\f1\b0  He realized his harsh discipline style came directly from his own father. Once he SAW that pattern sneaking up on him, everything shifted.\
[CTA button]\

\f0\b Look, this whole thing isn't about perfect parenting.
\f1\b0 \
It's about catching yourself before you become your own dad. (Or mom. You know what I mean.)\

\f0\b That's what we do in The Calm Parent Blueprint:
\f1\b0 \
\uc0\u8594  5 weeks of live training + weekly group coaching \u8594  1:1 breakthrough session tailored to YOUR family\u8232 \u8594  Custom AI Parenting Tool for real-time support \u8594  Private WhatsApp community with founding members \u8594  Complete implementation system (no guesswork) \u8594  Lifetime access + all future updates free forever\
\uc0\u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473  Total value: $1,900 Your founding member investment: $297 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \

\f0\b 60-day money-back guarantee.
\f1\b0  Show up, do the work\'97if you don't see real change, I'll refund every penny. No questions asked.\
[CTA button]\

\f0\b Registration closes October 12th at midnight. Only 10 spots available.
\f1\b0 \
Still on the fence? Hit reply with your specific situation\'97I'll tell you straight up if this is right for you.\
Warmly,\

\f0\b Sway
\f1\b0  Dad of Two | Founder, Honest About Parenting\

\f0\b P.S.
\f1\b0  We start October 21st. First session covers the foundational stuff that makes everything else work\'97decoding behavior as signals, when discipline actually lands, and why staying calm isn't optional. This is where it all clicks. [Grab your spot here]\
}